<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>efc6-2903_5999350ex995.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                  EXHIBIT 99.5





                                    ISDA(R)
             International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.

                             CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX

                            to the Schedule to the

                               Master Agreement

                        dated as of November 30, 2006

                                    between

  LEHMAN BROTHERS               THE BANK OF NEW YORK, not in its individual or
SPECIAL FINANCING INC.          corporate capacity but solely as Swap Contract
                              Administrator for CWABS Asset-Backed Certificates
                               Trust 2006-22, Asset-Backed Certificates, Series
                             2006-22, pursuant to a Swap Contract Administration
                                                  Agreement

   ("Party A")                                   ("Party B")

This Annex supplements, forms part of, and is subject to, the above-referenced
Agreement, is part of its Schedule and is a Credit Support Document under this
Agreement with respect to each party.

Accordingly, the parties agree as follows:

Paragraph 1. Interpretation

(a) Definitions and Inconsistency. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined
herein or elsewhere in this Agreement have the meanings specified pursuant to
Paragraph 12, and all references in this Annex to Paragraphs are to Paragraphs
of this Annex. In the event of any inconsistency between this Annex and the
other provisions of this Schedule, this Annex will prevail and in the event of
any inconsistency between Paragraph 13 and the other provisions of this Annex,
Paragraph 13 will prevail.

(b) Secured Party and Pledgor. All references in this Annex to the "Secured
Party" will be to either party when acting in that capacity and all
corresponding references to the "Pledgor" will be to the other party when
acting in that capacity; provided, however, that if Other Posted Support is
held by a party to this Annex, all references herein to that party as the
Secured Party with respect to that Other Posted Support will be to that party
as the beneficiary thereof and will not subject that support or that party as
the beneficiary thereof to provisions of law generally relating to security
interests and secured parties.

Paragraph 2. Security Interest

Each party, as the Pledgor, hereby pledges to the other party, as the Secured
Party, as security for its Obligations, and grants to the Secured Party a
first priority continuing security interest in, lien on and right of Set-off
against all Posted Collateral Transferred to or received by the Secured Party
hereunder. Upon the Transfer by the Secured Party to the Pledgor of Posted
Collateral, the security interest and lien granted hereunder on that Posted
Collateral will be released immediately and, to the extent possible, without
further action by either party.

 Copyright (C) 1994 by International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.

<PAGE>

Paragraph 3. Credit Support Obligations

(a) Delivery Amount. Subject to Paragraphs 4 and 5, upon a demand made by the
Secured Party on or promptly following a Valuation Date, if the Delivery
Amount for that Valuation Date equals or exceeds the Pledgor's Minimum
Transfer Amount, then the Pledgor will Transfer to the Secured Party Eligible
Credit Support having a Value as of the date of Transfer at least equal to the
applicable Delivery Amount (rounded pursuant to Paragraph 13). Unless
otherwise specified in Paragraph 13. the "Delivery Amount" applicable to the
Pledgor for any Valuation Date will equal the amount by which:

     (i) the Credit Support Amount

     exceeds

     (ii) the Value as of that Valuation Date of all Posted Credit Support
     held by the Secured Party.

(b) Return Amount. Subject to Paragraphs 4 and 5, upon a demand made by the
Pledgor on or promptly following a Valuation Date, if the Return Amount for
that Valuation Date equals or exceeds the Secured Party's Minimum Transfer
Amount, then the Secured Party will Transfer to the Pledgor Posted Credit
Support specified by the Pledgor in that demand having a Value as of the date
of Transfer as close as practicable to the applicable Return Amount (rounded
pursuant to Paragraph 13). Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, the
"Return Amount" applicable to the Secured Party for any Valuation Date will
equal the amount by which:

     (i) the Value as of that Valuation Date of all Posted Credit Support held
     by the Secured Party

     exceeds

     (ii) the Credit Support Amount.

"Credit Support Amount" means, unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, for
any Valuation Date (i) the Secured Party's Exposure for that Valuation Date
plus (ii) the aggregate of all Independent Amounts applicable to the Pledgor,
if any, minus (iii) all Independent Amounts applicable to the Secured Party,
if any, minus (iv) the Pledgor's Threshold; provided, however, that the Credit
Support Amount will be deemed to be zero whenever the calculation of Credit
Support Amount yields a number less than zero.

Paragraph 4. Conditions Precedent, Transfer Timing, Calculations and
Substitutions

(a) Conditions Precedent. Each Transfer obligation of the Pledgor under
Paragraphs 3 and 5 and of the Secured Party under Paragraphs 3, 4(d)(ii), 5
and 6(d) is subject to the conditions precedent that:

     (i) no Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Specified
     Condition has occurred and is continuing with respect to the other party;
     and

     (ii) no Early Termination Date for which any unsatisfied payment
     obligations exist has occurred or been designated as the result of an
     Event of Default or Specified Condition with respect to the other party.

(b) Transfer Timing. Subject to Paragraphs 4(a) and 5 and unless otherwise
specified, if a demand for the Transfer of Eligible Credit Support or Posted
Credit Support is made by the Notification Time, then the relevant Transfer
will be made not later than the close of business on the next Local Business
Day; if a demand is made after the Notification Time, then the relevant
Transfer will be made not later than the close of business on the second Local
Business Day thereafter.

(c) Calculations. All calculations of Value and Exposure for purposes of
Paragraphs 3 and 6(d) will be made by the Valuation Agent as of the Valuation
Time. The Valuation Agent will notify each party (or the other party, if the
Valuation Agent is a party) of its calculations not later than the
Notification Time on the Local Business Day following the applicable Valuation
Date (or in the case of Paragraph 6(d), following the date of calculation).


                                      2
                                                                  ISDA(R) 1994
<PAGE>

(d) Substitutions.

     (i) Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, upon notice to the
     Secured Party specifying the items of Posted Credit Support to be
     exchanged, the Pledgor may, on any Local Business Day, Transfer to the
     Secured Party substitute Eligible Credit Support (the "Substitute Credit
     Support"); and

     (ii) subject to Paragraph 4(a), the Secured Party will Transfer to the
     Pledgor the items of Posted Credit Support specified by the Pledgor in
     its notice not later than the Local Business Day following the date on
     which the Secured Party receives the Substitute Credit Support, unless
     otherwise specified in Paragraph 13 (the "Substitution Date"); provided
     that the Secured Party will only be obligated to Transfer Posted Credit
     Support with a Value as of the date of Transfer of that Posted Credit
     Support equal to the Value as of that date of the Substitute Credit
     Support.

Paragraph 5. Dispute Resolution

If a party (a "Disputing Party") disputes (I) the Valuation Agent's
calculation of a Delivery Amount or a Return Amount or (II) the Value of any
Transfer of Eligible Credit Support or Posted Credit Support, then (I) the
Disputing Party will notify the other party and the Valuation Agent (if the
Valuation Agent is not the other party) not later than the close of business
on the Local Business Day following (X) the date that the demand is made under
Paragraph 3 in the case of (I) above or (Y) the date of Transfer in the case
of (II) above, (2) subject to Paragraph 4(a), the appropriate party will
Transfer the undisputed amount to the other party not later than the close of
business on the Local Business Day following (X) the date that the demand is
made under Paragraph 3 in the case of (I) above or (Y) the date of Transfer in
the case of (II) above, (3) the parties will consult with each other in an
attempt to resolve the dispute and (4) if they fail to resolve the dispute by
the Resolution Time, then:

     (i) In the case of a dispute involving a Delivery Amount or Return
     Amount, unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, the Valuation Agent
     will recalculate the Exposure and the Value as of the Recalculation Date
     by:

          (A) utilizing any calculations of Exposure for the Transactions (or
          Swap Transactions) that the parties have agreed are not in dispute;

          (B) calculating the Exposure for the Transactions (or Swap
          Transactions) in dispute by seeking four actual quotations at
          mid-market from Reference Market-makers for purposes of calculating
          Market Quotation, and taking the arithmetic average of those
          obtained; provided that if four quotations are not available for a
          particular Transaction (or Swap Transaction), then fewer than four
          quotations may be used for that Transaction (or Swap Transaction);
          and if no quotations are available for a particular Transaction (or
          Swap Transaction), then the Valuation Agent's original calculations
          will be used for that Transaction (or Swap Transaction); and

          (C) utilizing the procedures specified in Paragraph 13 for
          calculating the Value, if disputed, of Posted Credit Support.

     (ii) In the case of a dispute involving the Value of any Transfer of
     Eligible Credit Support or Posted Credit Support, the Valuation Agent
     will recalculate the Value as of the date of Transfer pursuant to
     Paragraph 13.

Following a recalculation pursuant to this Paragraph, the Valuation Agent will
notify each party (or the other party, if the Valuation Agent is a party) not
later than the Notification Time on the Local Business Day following the
Resolution Time. The appropriate party will, upon demand following that notice
by the Valuation Agent or a resolution pursuant to (3) above and subject to
Paragraphs 4(a) and 4(b), make the appropriate Transfer.


                                      3
                                                                  ISDA(R) 1994
<PAGE>

Paragraph 6. Holding and Using Posted Collateral

(a) Care of Posted Collateral. Without limiting the Secured Party's rights
under Paragraph 6(c), the Secured Party will exercise reasonable care to
assure the safe custody of all Posted Collateral to the extent required by
applicable law, and in any event the Secured Party will be deemed to have
exercised reasonable care if it exercises at least the same degree of care as
it would exercise with respect to its own property. Except as specified in the
preceding sentence, the Secured Party will have no duty with respect to Posted
Collateral, including, without limitation, any duty to collect any
Distributions, or enforce or preserve any rights pertaining thereto.

(b) Eligibility to Hold Posted Collateral; Custodians.

     (i) General. Subject to the satisfaction of any conditions specified in
     Paragraph 13 for holding Posted Collateral, the Secured Party will be
     entitled to hold Posted Collateral or to appoint an agent (a "Custodian")
     to hold Posted Collateral for the Secured Party. Upon notice by the
     Secured Party to the Pledgor of the appointment of a Custodian, the
     Pledgor's obligations to make any Transfer will be discharged by making
     the Transfer to that Custodian. The holding of Posted Collateral by a
     Custodian will be deemed to be the holding of that Posted Collateral by
     the Secured Party for which the Custodian is acting.

     (ii) Failure to Satisfy Conditions. If the Secured Parry or its Custodian
     fails to satisfy any conditions for holding Posted Collateral, then upon
     a demand made by the Pledgor, the Secured Party will, not later than five
     Local Business Days after the demand, Transfer or cause its Custodian to
     Transfer all Posted Collateral held by it to a Custodian that satisfies
     those conditions or to the Secured Party if it satisfies those
     conditions.

     (iii) Liability. The Secured Party will be liable for the acts or
     omissions of its Custodian to the same extent that the Secured Party
     would be liable hereunder for its own acts or omissions.

(c) Use of Posted Collateral Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13 and
without limiting the rights and obligations of the parties under Paragraphs 3,
4(d)(ii), 5, 6(d) and 8, if the Secured Party is not a Defaulting Party or an
Affected Party with respect to a Specified Condition and no Early Termination
Date has occurred or been designated as the result of an Event of Default or
Specified Condition with respect to the Secured Patty, then the Secured Party
will, notwithstanding Section 9-207 of the New York Uniform Commercial Code,
have the right to:

     (i) sell, pledge, rehypothecate, assign, invest, use, commingle or
     otherwise dispose of, or otherwise use in its business any Posted
     Collateral it holds, free from any claim or right of any nature
     whatsoever of the Pledgor, including any equity or right of redemption by
     the Pledgor; and

     (ii) register any Posted Collateral in the name of the Secured Party, its
     Custodian or a nominee for either.

For purposes of the obligation to Transfer Eligible Credit Support or Posted
Credit Support pursuant to Paragraphs 3 and 5 and any rights or remedies
authorized under this Agreement, the Secured Party will be deemed to continue
to hold all Posted Collateral and to receive Distributions made thereon,
regardless of whether the Secured Party has exercised any rights with respect
to any Posted Collateral pursuant to (i) or (ii) above.

(d) Distributions and Interest Amount

     (i) Distributions. Subject to Paragraph 4(a), if the Secured Party
     receives or is deemed to receive Distributions on a Local Business Day,
     it will Transfer to the Pledgor not later than the following Local
     Business Day any Distributions it receives or is deemed to receive to the
     extent that a Delivery Amount would not be created or increased by that
     Transfer, as calculated by the Valuation Agent (and the date of
     calculation will be deemed to be a Valuation Date for this purpose).


                                      4
                                                                  ISDA(R) 1994
<PAGE>

     (ii) Interest Amount Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13 and
     subject to Paragraph 4(a), in lieu of any interest, dividends or other
     amounts paid or deemed to have been paid with respect to Posted
     Collateral in the form of Cash (all of which may be retained by the
     Secured Party), the Secured Party will Transfer to the Pledgor at the
     times specified in Paragraph 13 the Interest Amount to the extent that a
     Delivery Amount would not be created or increased by that Transfer, as
     calculated by the Valuation Agent (and the date of calculation will be
     deemed to be a Valuation Date for this purpose). The Interest Amount or
     portion thereof not Transferred pursuant to this Paragraph will
     constitute Posted Collateral in the form of Cash and will be subject to
     the security interest granted under Paragraph 2.

Paragraph 7. Events of Default

For purposes of Section 5(a)(iii)(1) of this Agreement, an Event of Default
will exist with respect to a party if:

     (i) that party fails (or fails to cause its Custodian) to make, when due,
     any Transfer of Eligible Collateral. Posted Collateral or the Interest
     Amount, as applicable, required to be made by it and that failure
     continues for two Local Business Days after notice of that failure is
     given to that party;

     (ii) that party fails to comply with any restriction or prohibition
     specified in this Annex with respect to any of the rights specified in
     Paragraph 6(c) and that failure continues for five Local Business Days
     after notice of that failure is given to that party; or

     (iii) that party fails to comply with or perform any agreement or
     obligation other than those specified in Paragraphs 7(i) and 7(ii) and
     that failure continues for 30 days after notice of that failure is given
     to that party.

Paragraph 8. Certain Rights and Remedies

(a) Secured Party's Rights and Remedies. If at any time (1) an Event of
Default or Specified Condition with respect to the Pledgor has occurred and is
continuing or (2) an Early Termination Date has occurred or been designated as
the result of an Event of Default or Specified Condition with respect to the
Pledgor, then, unless the Pledgor has paid in full all of its Obligations that
are then due, the Secured Party may exercise one or more of the following
rights and remedies:

     (i) all rights and remedies available to a secured party under applicable
     law with respect to Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party;

     (ii) any other rights and remedies available to the Secured Party under
     the terms of Other Posted Support, if any;

     (iii) the right to Set-off any amounts payable by the Pledgor with
     respect to any Obligations against any Posted Collateral or the Cash
     equivalent of any Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party (or any
     obligation of the Secured Party to Transfer that Posted Collateral); and

     (iv) the right to liquidate any Posted Collateral held by the Secured
     Party through one or more public or private sales or other dispositions
     with such notice, if any, as may be required under applicable law, free
     from any claim or right of any nature whatsoever of the Pledgor,
     including any equity or right of redemption by the Pledgor (with the
     Secured Party having the right to purchase any or all of the Posted
     Collateral to be sold) and to apply the proceeds (or the Cash equivalent
     thereof) from the liquidation of the Posted Collateral to any amounts
     payable by the Pledgor with respect to any Obligations in that order as
     the Secured Party may elect.

Each party acknowledges and agrees that Posted Collateral in the form of
securities may decline speedily in value and is of a type customarily sold on
a recognized market, and, accordingly, the Pledgor is not entitled to prior
notice of any sale of that Posted Collateral by the Secured Party, except any
notice that is required under applicable law and cannot be waived.


                                      5
                                                                  ISDA(R) 1994
<PAGE>

(b) Pledgor's Rights and Remedies. If at any time an Early Termination Date
has occurred or been designated as the result of an Event of Default or
Specified Condition with respect to the Secured Party, then (except in the
case of an Early Termination Date relating to less than all Transactions (or
Swap Transactions) where the Secured Party has paid in full all of its
obligations that are then due under Section 6(e) of this Agreement):

     (i) the Pledgor may exercise all rights and remedies available to a
     pledgor under applicable law with respect to Posted Collateral held by
     the Secured Party;

     (ii) the Pledgor may exercise any other rights and remedies available to
     the Pledgor under the terms of Other Posted Support, if any;

     (iii) the Secured Party will be obligated immediately to Transfer all
     Posted Collateral and the Interest Amount to the Pledgor; and

     (iv) to the extent that Posted Collateral or the Interest Amount is not
     so Transferred pursuant to (iii) above, the Pledgor may:

          (A) Set-off any amounts payable by the Pledgor with respect to any
          Obligations against any Posted Collateral or the Cash equivalent of
          any Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party (or any obligation
          of the Secured Party to Transfer that Posted Collateral); and

          (B) to the extent that the Pledgor does not Set-off under (iv)(A)
          above, withhold payment of any remaining amounts payable by the
          Pledgor with respect to any Obligations, up to the Value of any
          remaining Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party, until that
          Posted Collateral is Transferred to the Pledgor.

(c) Deficiencies and Excess Proceeds. The Secured Party will Transfer to the
Pledgor any proceeds and Posted Credit Support remaining after liquidation,
Set-off and/or application under Paragraphs 8(a) and 8(b) after satisfaction
in full of all amounts payable by the Pledgor with respect to any Obligations;
the Pledgor in all events will remain liable for any amounts remaining unpaid
after any liquidation, Set-off and/or application under Paragraphs 8(a) and
8(b).

(d) Final Returns. When no amounts are or thereafter may become payable by the
Pledgor with respect to any Obligations (except for any potential liability
under Section 2(d) of this Agreement), the Secured Party will Transfer to the
Pledgor all Posted Credit Support and the Interest Amount, if any.

Paragraph 9. Representations

Each party represents to the other party (which representations will be deemed
to be repeated as of each date on which it, as the Pledgor, Transfers Eligible
Collateral) that:

     (i) it has the power to grant a security interest in and lien on any
     Eligible Collateral it Transfers as the Pledgor and has taken all
     necessary actions to authorize the granting of that security interest and
     lien;

     (ii) it is the sole owner of or otherwise has the right to Transfer all
     Eligible Collateral it Transfers to the Secured Party hereunder, free and
     clear of any security interest, lien, encumbrance or other restrictions
     other than the security interest and lien granted under Paragraph 2;

     (iii) upon the Transfer of any Eligible Collateral to the Secured Party
     under the terms of this Annex, the Secured Party will have a valid and
     perfected first priority security interest therein (assuming that any
     central clearing corporation or any third-party financial intermediary or
     other entity not within the control of the Pledgor involved in the
     Transfer of that Eligible Collateral gives the notices and takes the
     action required of it under applicable law for perfection of that
     interest); and

     (iv) the performance by it of its obligations under this Annex will not
     result in the creation of any security interest, lien or other
     encumbrance on any Posted Collateral other than the security interest and
     lien granted under Paragraph 2.


                                      6
                                                                  ISDA(R) 1994
<PAGE>

Paragraph 10. Expenses

(a) General. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraphs 10(b) and 10(c), each
party will pay its own costs and expenses in connection with performing its
obligations under this Annex and neither party will be liable at any costs and
expenses incurred by the other party in connection herewith.

(b) Posted Credit Support. The Pledgor will promptly pay when due all taxes,
assessments or charges of any nature that are imposed with respect to Posted
Credit Support held by the Secured Party upon becoming aware of the same,
regardless of whether any portion of that Posted Credit Support is
subsequently disposed of under Paragraph 6(c), except for those taxes,
assessments and charges that result from the exercise of the Secured Party's
rights under Paragraph 6(c).

(c) Liquidation/Application of Posted Credit Support. All reasonable costs and
expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Secured Party or the Pledgor in
connection with the liquidation and/or application of any Posted Credit
Support under Paragraph 8 will be payable, on demand and pursuant to the
Expenses Section of this Agreement, by the Defaulting Party or, if there is no
Defaulting Party, equally by the parties.

Paragraph 11. Miscellaneous

(a) Default Interest. A Secured Party that fails to make, when due, any
Transfer of Posted Collateral or the Interest Amount will be obligated to pay
the Pledgor (to the extent permitted under applicable law) an amount equal to
interest at the Default Rate multiplied by the Value of the items of property
that were required to be Transferred, from (and including) the date that
Posted Collateral or Interest Amount was required to be Transferred to (but
excluding) the date of Transfer of that Posted Collateral or Interest Amount.
This interest will be calculated on the basis of daily compounding and the
actual number of days elapsed.

(b) Further Assurances. Promptly following a demand made by a party, the other
party will execute, deliver, file and record any financing statement, specific
assignment or other document and take any other action that may be necessary
or desirable and reasonably requested by that party to create, preserve,
perfect or validate any security interest or lien granted under Paragraph 2,
to enable that party to exercise or enforce its rights under this Annex with
respect to Posted Credit Support or an Interest Amount or to effect or
document a release of a security interest on Posted Collateral or an Interest
Amount.

(c) Further Protection. The Pledgor will promptly give notice to the Secured
Party of, and defend against, any suit, action, proceeding or lien that
involves Posted Credit Support Transferred by the Pledgor or that could
adversely affect the security interest and lien granted by it under Paragraph
2, unless that suit, action, proceeding or lien results from the exercise of
the Secured Party's rights under Paragraph 6(c).

(d) Good Faith and Commercially Reasonable Manner. Performance of all
obligations under this Annex, including, but not limited to, all calculations,
valuations and determinations made by either party, will be made in good faith
and in a commercially reasonable manner.

(e) Demands and Notices. All demands and notices made by a party under this
Annex will be made as specified in the Notices Section of this Agreement,
except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 13.

(f) Specifications of Certain Matters. Anything referred to in this Annex as
being specified in Paragraph 13 also may be specified in one or more
Confirmations or other documents and this Annex will be construed accordingly.


                                      7
                                                                  ISDA(R) 1994
<PAGE>

Paragraph 12. Definitions

As used in this Annex:

"Cash" means the lawful currency of the United States of America.

"Credit Support Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3.

"Custodian" has the meaning specified in Paragraphs 6(b)(i) and 13.

"Delivery Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(a).

"Disputing Party" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 5.

"Distributions" means with respect to Posted Collateral other than Cash, all
principal, interest and other payments and distributions of cash or other
property with respect thereto, regardless of whether the Secured Party has
disposed of that Posted Collateral under Paragraph 6(c). Distributions will
not include any item of property acquired by the Secured Party upon any
disposition or liquidation of Posted Collateral or, with respect to any Posted
Collateral in the form of Cash, any distributions on that collateral, unless
otherwise specified herein.

"Eligible Collateral" means, with respect to a party, the items, if any,
specified as such for that party in Paragraph 13.

"Eligible Credit Support" means Eligible Collateral and Other Eligible
Support.

"Exposure" means for any Valuation Date or other date for which Exposure is
calculated and subject to Paragraph 5 in the case of a dispute, the amount, if
any, that would be payable to a party that is the Secured Party by the other
party (expressed as a positive number) or by a party that is the Secured Party
to the other party (expressed as a negative number) pursuant to Section
6(e)(ii)(2)(A) of this Agreement as if all Transactions (or Swap Transactions)
were being terminated as of the relevant Valuation Time; provided that Market
Quotation will be determined by the Valuation Agent using its estimates at
mid-market of the amounts that would be paid for Replacement Transactions (as
that term is defined in the definition of "Market Quotation").

"Independent Amount" means, with respect to a party, the amount specified as
such for that party in Paragraph 13; if no amount is specified, zero.

"Interest Amount" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the aggregate sum
of the amounts of interest calculated for each day in that Interest Period on
the principal amount of Posted Collateral in the form of Cash held by the
Secured Party on that day, determined by the Secured Party for each such day
as follows:

     (x) the amount of that Cash on that day; multiplied by

     (y) the Interest Rate in effect for that day; divided by

     (z) 360.

"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the last Local
Business Day on which an Interest Amount was Transferred (or, if no Interest
Amount has yet been Transferred, the Local Business Day on which Posted
Collateral in the form of Cash was Transferred to or received by the Secured
Party) to (but excluding) the Local Business Day on which the current Interest
Amount is to be Transferred.

"Interest Rate" means the rate specified in Paragraph 13.

"Local Business Day", unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, has the
meaning specified in the Definitions Section of this Agreement, except that
references to a payment in clause (b) thereof will be deemed to include a
Transfer under this Annex.


                                      8
                                                                  ISDA(R) 1994
<PAGE>

"Minimum Transfer Amount" means, with respect to a party, the amount specified
as such for that party in Paragraph 13; if no amount is specified, zero.

"Notification Time" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13.

"Obligations" means, with respect to a party, all present and future
obligations of that party under this Agreement and any additional obligations
specified for that party in Paragraph 13.

"Other Eligible Support" means, with respect to a party, the items, if any,
specified as such for that party in Paragraph 13.

"Other Posted Support" means all Other Eligible Support Transferred to the
Secured Party that remains in effect for the benefit of that Secured Party.

"Pledgor" means either party, when that party (i) receives a demand for or is
required to Transfer Eligible Credit Support under Paragraph 3(a) or (ii) has
Transferred Eligible Credit Support under Paragraph 3(a).

"Posted Collateral" means all Eligible Collateral, other property,
Distributions, and all proceeds thereof that have been Transferred to or
received by the Secured Party under this Annex and not Transferred to the
Pledgor pursuant to Paragraph 3(b), 4(d)(ii) or 6(d)(i) or released by the
Secured Party under Paragraph 8. Any Interest Amount or portion thereof not
Transferred pursuant to Paragraph 6(d)(ii) will constitute Posted Collateral
in the form of Cash.

"Posted Credit Support" means Posted Collateral and Other Posted Support.

"Recalculation Date" means the Valuation Date that gives rise to the dispute
under Paragraph 5: provided, however, that if a subsequent Valuation Date
occurs under Paragraph 3 prior to the resolution of the dispute, then the
"Recalculation Date" means the most recent Valuation Date under Paragraph 3.

"Resolution Time" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13.

"Return Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(b).

"Secured Party" means either party, when that party (i) makes a demand for or
is entitled to receive Eligible Credit Support under Paragraph 3(a) or (ii)
holds or is deemed to hold Posted Credit Support.

"Specified Condition" means, with respect to a party, any event specified as
such for that party in Paragraph 13.

"Substitute Credit Support" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(d)(i).

"Substitution Date" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(d)(ii).

"Threshold" means, with respect to a party, the amount specified as such for
that party in Paragraph 13; if no amount is specified, zero.

"Transfer" means, with respect to any Eligible Credit Support, Posted Credit
Support or Interest Amount, and in accordance with the instructions of the
Secured Party, Pledgor or Custodian, as applicable:

     (i) in the case of Cash, payment or delivery by wire transfer into one or
     more bank accounts specified by the recipient;

     (ii) in the case of certificated securities that cannot be paid or
     delivered by book-entry, payment or delivery in appropriate physical form
     to the recipient or its account accompanied by any duly executed
     instruments of transfer, assignments in blank, transfer tax stamps and
     any other documents necessary to constitute a legally valid transfer to
     the recipient;

     (iii) in the case of securities that can be paid or delivered by
     book-entry, the giving of written instructions to the relevant depository
     institution or other entity specified by the recipient, together with a
     written copy thereof to the recipient, sufficient if complied with to
     result in a legally effective transfer of the relevant interest to the
     recipient; and

     (iv) in the case of Other Eligible Support or Other Posted Support, as
     specified in Paragraph 13.


                                      9
                                                                  ISDA(R) 1994
<PAGE>

"Valuation Agent" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13.

"Valuation Date" means each date specified in or otherwise determined pursuant
to Paragraph 13.

"Valuation Percentage" means, for any item of Eligible Collateral, the
percentage specified in Paragraph 13.

"Valuation Time" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13.

"Value" means for any Valuation Date or other date for which Value is
calculated and subject to Paragraph 5 in the case of a dispute, with respect
to:

     (i) Eligible Collateral or Posted Collateral that is:

          (A) Cash, the amount thereof; and

          (B) a security, the bid price obtained by the Valuation Agent
          multiplied by the applicable Valuation Percentage, if any;

     (ii) Posted Collateral that consists of items that are not specified as
     Eligible Collateral, zero; and

     (iii) Other Eligible Support and Other Posted Support, as specified in
     Paragraph 13.



                                      10
                                                                  ISDA(R) 1994
<PAGE>

                                    ISDA(R)
                             CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX
                            to the Schedule to the
                             ISDA Master Agreement
                     dated as of November 30, 2006 between
                    LEHMAN BROTHERS SPECIAL FINANCING INC.
              (hereinafter referred to as "Party A" or "Pledgor")
                                      and
 THE BANK OF NEW YORK, not in its individual or corporate capacity but solely
  as Swap Contract Administrator for CWABS, Inc. Asset-Backed Certificates,
     Series 2006-22, pursuant to a Swap Contract Administration Agreement
          (hereinafter referred to as "Party B" or "Secured Party").


Paragraph 13. Elections and Variables.

(a)   Security Interest for "Obligations". The term "Obligations" as used in
      this Annex includes the following additional obligations:

      With respect to Party A: not applicable.

      With respect to Party B: not applicable.

(b)   Credit Support Obligations.

      (i)   Delivery Amount, Return Amount and Credit Support Amount.

            (A)   "Delivery Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph
                  3(a) as amended (I) by deleting the words "upon a demand
                  made by the Secured Party on or promptly following a
                  Valuation Date" and inserting in lieu thereof the words "not
                  later than the close of business on each Valuation Date" and
                  (II) by deleting in its entirety the sentence beginning
                  "Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13" and ending
                  "(ii) the Value as of that Valuation Date of all Posted
                  Credit Support held by the Secured Party." and inserting in
                  lieu thereof the following:

                  The "Delivery Amount" applicable to the Pledgor for any
                  Valuation Date will equal the greatest of

                  (1)   the amount by which (a) the S&P Credit Support Amount
                        for such Valuation Date exceeds (b) the S&P Value as
                        of such Valuation Date of all Posted Credit Support
                        held by the Secured Party,

                  (2)   the amount by which (a) the Moody's First Trigger
                        Credit Support Amount for such Valuation Date exceeds
                        (b) the Moody's First Trigger Value as of such
                        Valuation Date of all Posted Credit Support held by
                        the Secured Party, and

                  (3)   the amount by which (a) the Moody's Second Trigger
                        Credit Support Amount for such Valuation Date exceeds
                        (b) the Moody's Second Trigger Value as of such
                        Valuation Date of all Posted Credit Support held by
                        the Secured Party.


<PAGE>


            (B)   "Return Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(b)
                  as amended by deleting in its entirety the sentence
                  beginning "Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13" and
                  ending "(ii) the Credit Support Amount." and inserting in
                  lieu thereof the following:

                  The "Return Amount" applicable to the Secured Party for any
                  Valuation Date will equal the least of

                  (1)   the amount by which (a) the S&P Value as of such
                        Valuation Date of all Posted Credit Support held by
                        the Secured Party exceeds (b) the S&P Credit Support
                        Amount for such Valuation Date,

                  (2)   the amount by which (a) the Moody's First Trigger
                        Value as of such Valuation Date of all Posted Credit
                        Support held by the Secured Party exceeds (b) the
                        Moody's First Trigger Credit Support Amount for such
                        Valuation Date, and

                  (3)   the amount by which (a) the Moody's Second Trigger
                        Value as of such Valuation Date of all Posted Credit
                        Support held by the Secured Party exceeds (b) the
                        Moody's Second Trigger Credit Support Amount for such
                        Valuation Date.

            (C)   "Credit Support Amount" shall not apply. For purposes of
                  calculating any Delivery Amount or Return Amount for any
                  Valuation Date, reference shall be made to the S&P Credit
                  Support Amount, the Moody's First Trigger Credit Support
                  Amount, or the Moody's Second Trigger Credit Support Amount,
                  in each case for such Valuation Date, as provided in
                  Paragraphs 13(b)(i)(A) and 13(b)(i)(B), above.

      (ii)  Eligible Collateral.

            On any date, the following items will qualify as "Eligible
            Collateral":

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                             Moody's         Moody's
                                                                               First          Second
                                                                 S&P         Trigger         Trigger
                                                           Valuation       Valuation       Valuation
            Collateral                                    Percentage      Percentage      Percentage
            -----------                                   ----------      ----------      ----------
<S>                                                             <C>             <C>             <C>
(A)   Cash, in the form of U.S. Dollars.                        100%            100%            100%

(B)   Fixed-rate negotiable USD denominated debt
      obligations issued by the U.S. Treasury
      Department having a remaining maturity on                98.5%            100%            100%
      such date of not more than one year

(C)   Fixed-rate negotiable USD denominated debt
      obligations issued by the U.S. Treasury
      Department having a remaining maturity on                89.9%            100%             94%
      such date of more than one year but not more
      than ten years

(D)   Fixed-rate negotiable USD denominated debt
      obligations issued by the U.S. Treasury
      Department having a remaining maturity on                83.9%            100%             87%
      such date of more than ten years
</TABLE>


                                      2
<PAGE>


      (iii) Other Eligible Support.

            The following items will qualify as "Other Eligible Support" for
            the party specified:

            Not applicable.

      (iv)  Threshold.

            (A)   "Independent Amount" means zero with respect to Party A and
                  Party B.

            (B)   "Threshold" means, with respect to Party A and any Valuation
                  Date, zero if (i) a Collateral Event has occurred and has
                  been continuing (x) for at least 30 days or (y) since this
                  Annex was executed, or (ii) a Required Ratings Downgrade
                  Event has occurred and is continuing; otherwise, infinity.

            "Threshold" means, with respect to Party B and any Valuation Date,
            infinity.

            (C)   "Minimum Transfer Amount" means USD 100,000 with respect to
                  Party A and Party B; provided, however, that if the
                  aggregate Principal Balance of the Certificates rated by S&P
                  ceases to be more than USD 50,000,000, the "Minimum Transfer
                  Amount" shall be USD 50,000.

            (D)   Rounding: The Delivery Amount and the Return Amount will be
                  rounded up and down respectively to the nearest integral
                  multiple of USD 1,000.

(c)   Valuation and Timing.

      (i)   "Valuation Agent" means Party A. All calculations by the Valuation
            Agent must be made in accordance with standard market practice,
            including, in the event of a dispute as to the Value of any
            Eligible Credit Support or Posted Credit Support, by making
            reference to quotations received by the Valuation Agent from
            commonly accepted third party sources.

      (ii)  "Valuation Date" means means, for purposes of each time that Party
            A is required to post collateral, each Wednesday or, if such day
            is not a Local Business Day, the next following Local Business
            Day.

      (iii) "Valuation Time" means means the close of business in New York on
            a Local Business Day provided that the calculations of Value and
            Exposure will be made as of approximately the same time on the
            same date.

      (iv)  "Notification Time" means 3:00 p.m., New York time, on a Local
            Business Day.

      (v)   External Verification. Notwithstanding the definition of Valuation
            Agent and Valuation Date, at any time while the long-term
            unsecured debt or counterparty rating of Party A's Credit Support
            Provider is not above "BBB", the calculations of Exposure and the
            Value of any Eligible Credit Support or Posted Credit Support must
            be verified by an external mark monthly. The external mark must be
            obtained by an independent third party, and cannot be verified by
            the same entity more than four times in any 12-month period. In
            addition, the external mark-to-market valuations should reflect
            the higher of two bids from counterparties that would be eligible
            and willing to provide the swap in the absence of the current
            provider. The Value of any Eligible Credit Support or Posted
            Credit Support and Exposure should be based on the greater of the
            calculations of the Valuation Agent and the external marks, and
            any deficiencies in Value and Exposure must be cured within three
            days.


                                      3
<PAGE>


      (vi)  Notice to S&P. At any time at which Party A (or, to the extent
            applicable, its Credit Support Provider) does not have a long-term
            unsubordinated and unsecured debt rating of at least "BBB+" from
            S&P, the Valuation Agent shall provide to S&P not later than the
            Notification Time on the Local Business Day following each
            Valuation Date its calculations of the Secured Party's Exposure
            and the S&P Value of any Eligible Credit Support or Posted Credit
            Support for that Valuation Date. The Valuation Agent shall also
            provide to S&P any external marks received pursuant to the
            preceding paragraph.

(d)   Conditions Precedent and Secured Party's Rights and Remedies. The
      following Termination Events will be a "Specified Condition" for the
      party specified (that party being the Affected Party if the Termination
      Event occurs with respect to that party): With respect to Party A: any
      Additional Termination Event with respect to which Party A is the sole
      Affected Party. With respect to Party B: None.

(e)   Substitution.

      (i)   "Substitution Date" has the meaning specified in Paragraph
            4(d)(ii).

      (ii)  Consent. If specified here as applicable, then the Pledgor must
            obtain the Secured Party's consent for any substitution pursuant
            to Paragraph 4(d): Inapplicable.

(f)   Dispute Resolution.

      (i)   "Resolution Time" means 1:00 p.m. New York time on the Local
            Business Day following the date on which the notice of the dispute
            is given under Paragraph 5.

      (ii)  Value. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Paragraph 12,
            for the purpose of Paragraphs 5(i)(C) and 5(ii), the S&P Value,
            Moody's First Trigger Value, and Moody's Second Trigger Value, on
            any date, of Eligible Collateral other than Cash will be
            calculated as follows:

            With respect to any Eligible Collateral in the form of securities
            listed in Paragraph 13(b)(ii) (referred to herein as "Collateral
            Obligations") the sum of (I)(x) the bid price quoted on such date
            by a mutually acceptable principal market maker for such
            Collateral Obligations, or (y) if no such quotation is available
            from a principal market maker for such date, such bid price as of
            the day, next preceding such date, on which such quotation was
            available, in either case multiplied by the applicable Valuation
            Percentage, plus (II) the accrued interest on such Collateral
            Obligations (except to the extent Transferred to a party pursuant
            to any applicable section of this Agreement or included in the
            applicable price referred to in (I) of this Clause) as of such
            date.

      (iii) Alternative. The provisions of Paragraph 5 will apply.

(g)   Holding and Using Posted Collateral.

      (i)   Eligibility to Hold Posted Collateral; Custodians. Party B (or any
            Custodian) will be entitled to hold Posted Collateral pursuant to
            Paragraph 6(b).

            Party B may appoint as Custodian a bank or trust company located
            in the United States having total assets of at least $250,000,000
            and a short term unsecured debt or counterparty rating of
            "Prime-1" from Moody's and "A-1" from Standard & Poor's.

            Initially, the Custodian for Party B is: The Bank of New York.

      (ii)  Use of Posted Collateral. The provisions of Paragraph 6(c) will
            not apply with respect to the collateral posted by Party A.


                                      4
<PAGE>


(h)   Distributions and Interest Amount.

      (i)   Interest Rate. The "Interest Rate" will be the actual interest
            rate earned on Posted Collateral in the form of Cash that is held
            by Party B or its Custodian. Party B's Custodian shall hold Posted
            Collateral in the form of Cash in such deposit or investment
            account as specified by Party A to Party B and reasonably
            acceptable to Party B's Custodian.

      (ii)  Transfer of Interest Amount. The Transfer of the Interest Amount
            will be made on the first Local Business Day of each calendar
            month and on any Local Business Day that Posted Collateral in the
            form of Cash is Transferred to the Pledgor pursuant to Paragraph
            3(b); provided, however, that the obligation of Party B to
            Transfer any Interest Amount to Party A shall be limited to the
            extent that Party B has earned and received such funds.

      (iii) Alternative to Interest Amount. The provisions of Paragraph
            6(d)(ii) will apply.

(i)   Additional Representation(s). There are no additional representations by
      either party.

(j)   Other Eligible Support and Other Posted Support.

      (i)   "Value" with respect to Other Eligible Support and Other Posted
            Support means: not applicable.

      (ii)  "Transfer" with respect to Other Eligible Support and Other Posted
            Support means: not applicable.

      Demands and Notices. All demands, specifications and notices made by a
      party to this Annex will be made pursuant to the Notices Section of this
      Agreement

      Address for Transfers. As agreed upon between the parties from time to
      time.

(k)   Other Provisions.

      (i)   Collateral Account. Upon the occurrence of a Collateral Event,
            Party B shall open and maintain a segregated account, which shall
            be an Eligible Account, and hold, record and identify all Posted
            Collateral in such segregated account.

      (ii)  Agreement as to Single Secured Party and Single Pledgor. Party A
            and Party B hereby agree that, notwithstanding anything to the
            contrary in this Annex, (a) the term "Secured Party" as used in
            this Annex means only Party B, (b) the term "Pledgor" as used in
            this Annex means only Party A, (c) only Party A makes the pledge
            and grant in Paragraph 2, the acknowledgement in the final
            sentence of Paragraph 8(a) and the representations in Paragraph 9.

      (iii) Calculation of Value. Paragraph 4(c) is hereby amended by deleting
            the word "Value" and inserting in lieu thereof "S&P Value, Moody's
            First Trigger Value, Moody's Second Trigger Value". Paragraph
            4(d)(ii) is hereby amended by (A) deleting the words "a Value" and
            inserting in lieu thereof "an S&P Value, Moody's First Trigger
            Value, and Moody's Second Trigger Value" and (B) deleting the
            words "the Value" and inserting in lieu thereof "S&P Value,
            Moody's First Trigger Value, and Moody's Second Trigger Value".
            Paragraph 5 is hereby amended by deleting the word "Value" and
            inserting in lieu thereof "S&P Value, Moody's First Trigger Value,
            or Moody's Second Trigger Value". Paragraph 5(i) is hereby amended
            by deleting the word "Value" and inserting in lieu thereof "S&P
            Value, Moody's First Trigger Value, and Moody's Second Trigger
            Value". Paragraph 5(i)(C) is hereby amended by deleting the word
            "the Value, if" and inserting in lieu thereof "any one or more of
            the S&P Value, Moody's First Trigger Value, or Moody's Second
            Trigger Value, as may be". Paragraph 5(ii) is hereby amended by
            (1) deleting the first instance of the words "the Value" and
            inserting in lieu thereof "any one or more of the


                                      5
<PAGE>


            S&P Value, Moody's First Trigger Value, or Moody's Second Trigger
            Value" and (2) deleting the second instance of the words "the
            Value" and inserting in lieu thereof "such disputed S&P Value,
            Moody's First Trigger Value, or Moody's Second Trigger Value".
            Each of Paragraph 8(b)(iv)(B) and Paragraph 11(a) is hereby
            amended by deleting the word "Value" and inserting in lieu thereof
            "least of the S&P Value, Moody's First Trigger Value, and Moody's
            Second Trigger Value".

      (iv)  Form of Annex. Party A and Party B hereby agree that the text of
            Paragraphs 1 through 12, inclusive, of this Annex is intended to
            be the printed form of ISDA Credit Support Annex (Bilateral Form -
            ISDA Agreements Subject to New York Law Only version) as published
            and copyrighted in 1994 by the International Swaps and Derivatives
            Association, Inc.

      (v)   Events of Default. Paragraph 7 will not apply to cause any Event
            of Default to exist with respect to Party B except that Paragraph
            7(i) will apply to Party B solely in respect of Party B's
            obligations under Paragraph 3(b) of the Credit Support Annex.
            Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Paragraph 7, any
            failure by Party A to comply with or perform any obligation to be
            complied with or performed by Party A under the Credit Support
            Annex shall only be an Event of Default if (A) a Required Ratings
            Downgrade Event has occurred and been continuing for 30 or more
            Local Business Days and (B) such failure is not remedied on or
            before the third Local Business Day after notice of such failure
            is given to Party A.

      (vi)  Expenses. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Paragraph
            10, the Pledgor will be responsible for, and will reimburse the
            Secured Party for, all transfer and other taxes and other costs
            involved in any Transfer of Eligible Collateral.

      (vii) Withholding. Paragraph 6(d)(ii) is hereby amended by inserting
            immediately after "the Interest Amount" in the fourth line thereof
            the words "less any applicable withholding taxes."

      (viii) Notice of Failure to Post Collateral. Upon any failure by Party A
            to post collateral as required under this Agreement, Party B
            shall, no later than the next Business Day after the date such
            collateral was required to be posted, give a written notice of
            such failure to Party A and to the Depositor. For the avoidance of
            doubt, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
            the failure of Party B to comply with the requirements of this
            paragraph shall not constitute an Event of Default or Termination
            Event.

      (ix)  Additional Definitions. As used in this Annex:

            "Collateral Event" means that no Relevant Entity has credit
            ratings at least equal to the Approved Ratings Threshold.

            "Exposure" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 12, except that
            after the word "Agreement" the words "(assuming, for this purpose
            only, that Part 1(f) of the Schedule is deleted)" shall be
            inserted.

            "First Trigger Failure Condition" means that no Relevant Entity
            has credit ratings from Moody's at least equal to the Moody's
            First Trigger Ratings Threshold.

            "Local Business Day" means: any day on which (A) commercial banks
            are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and
            foreign currency deposits) in New York and the location of Party
            A, Party B and any Custodian, and (B) in relation to a Transfer of
            Eligible Collateral, any day on which the clearance system agreed
            between the parties for the delivery of Eligible Collateral is
            open for acceptance and execution of settlement instructions (or
            in the case of a Transfer of Cash or other Eligible Collateral for
            which delivery is contemplated by other means a day on which
            commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in
            foreign exchange and foreign deposits) in New York and the
            location of Party A, Party B and any Custodian.


                                      6
<PAGE>


            "Moody's First Trigger Credit Support Amount" means, for any
            Valuation Date, the excess, if any, of


                  (I)   (A) for any Valuation Date on which (I) a First
                        Trigger Failure Condition has occurred and has been
                        continuing (x) for at least 30 Local Business Days or
                        (y) since this Annex was executed and (II) it is not
                        the case that a Moody's Second Trigger Event has
                        occurred and been continuing for at least 30 Local
                        Business Days, an amount equal to the greater of (a)
                        zero and (b) the sum of the Secured Party's aggregate
                        Exposure for all Transactions and the aggregate of
                        Moody's Additional Collateralized Amounts for each
                        Transaction.

                        For the purposes of this definition, the "Moody's
                        Additional Collateralized Amount" with respect to any
                        Transaction shall mean:

                        the product of the applicable Moody's First Trigger
                        Factor set forth in Table 1 and the Notional Amount
                        for such Transaction for the Calculation Period which
                        includes such Valuation Date; or

                        (B)   for any other Valuation Date, zero, over


                  (II)  the Threshold for Party A for such Valuation Date.


            "Moody's First Trigger Value" means, on any date and with respect
            to any Eligible Collateral other than Cash, the bid price obtained
            by the Valuation Agent multiplied by the Moody's First Trigger
            Valuation Percentage for such Eligible Collateral set forth in
            Paragraph 13(b)(ii).

            "Moody's Second Trigger Event" means that no Relevant Entity has
            credit ratings from Moody's at least equal to the Moody's Second
            Trigger Ratings Threshold.

            "Moody's Second Trigger Credit Support Amount" means, for any
            Valuation Date, the excess, if any, of

                  (I)   (A) for any Valuation Date on which it is the case
                        that a Second Trigger Failure Condition has occurred
                        and been continuing for at least 30 Local Business
                        Days, an amount equal to the greatest of (a) zero, (b)
                        the aggregate amount of the next payments due to be
                        paid by Party A under each Transaction and (c) the sum
                        of the Secured Party's aggregate Exposure and the
                        aggregate of Moody's Additional Collateralized Amounts
                        for each Transaction.

                        For the purposes of this definition, the "Moody's
                        Additional Collateralized Amount"with respect to any
                        Transaction shall mean:

                        the product of the applicable Moody's Second Trigger
                        Factor set forth in Table 2 and the Notional Amount
                        for such Transaction for the Calculation Period which
                        includes such Valuation Date; or

                        (B)   for any other Valuation Date, zero, over

                  (II)  the Threshold for Party A for such Valuation Date.


                                      7
<PAGE>


            "Moody's Second Trigger Value" means, on any date and with respect
            to any Eligible Collateral other than Cash, the bid price obtained
            by the Valuation Agent multiplied by the Moody's Second Trigger
            Valuation Percentage for such Eligible Collateral set forth in
            Paragraph 13(b)(ii).

            "Second Trigger Failure Condition" means that no Relevant Entity
            has credit ratings from Moody's at least equal to the Moody's
            Second Trigger Ratings Threshold.

            "S&P Credit Support Amount" means, for any Valuation Date, the
            excess, if any, of

                  (I)   (A) for any Valuation Date on which an S&P Rating
                        Threshold Event, has occurred and been continuing for
                        at least 30 days, or a Required Ratings Event has
                        occurred and is continuing, an amount equal to the
                        sum, for each Transaction to which this Annex relates,
                        of the sum of (1) 100.0% of the Secured Party's
                        Transaction Exposure for such Valuation Date and (2)
                        the product of the Volatility Buffer for such
                        Transaction and the Notional Amount of such
                        Transaction for the Calculation Period of such
                        Transaction which includes such Valuation Date, or

                        (B)   for any other Valuation Date, zero, over

                  (II)  the Threshold for Party A for such Valuation Date.

            "S&P Rating Threshold Event" means, on any date, no Relevant
            Entity has credit ratings from S&P which exceed the S&P Approved
            Ratings Threshold.

            "S&P Value" means, on any date and with respect to any Eligible
            Collateral other than Cash, the product of (A) the bid price
            obtained by the Valuation Agent for such Eligible Collateral and
            (B) the S&P Valuation Percentage for such Eligible Collateral set
            forth in paragraph 13(b)(ii).

            "Transaction Exposure" means, for any Transaction, Exposure
            determined as if such Transaction were the only Transaction
            between the Secured Party and the Pledgor.

            "Transaction-Specific Hedge" means any Transaction that is an
            interest rate cap, interest rate floor or interest rate swaption,
            or an interest rate swap if (x) the notional amount of the
            interest rate swap is "balance guaranteed" or (y) the notional
            amount of the interest rate swap for any Calculation Period
            otherwise is not a specific dollar amount that is fixed at the
            inception of the Transaction.

            "Valuation Percentage" shall mean, for purposes of determining the
            S&P Value, Moody's First Trigger Value, or Moody's Second Trigger
            Value with respect to any Eligible Collateral or Posted
            Collateral, the applicable S&P Valuation Percentage, Moody's First
            Trigger Valuation Percentage, or Moody's Second Trigger Valuation
            Percentage for such Eligible Collateral or Posted Collateral,
            respectively, in each case as set forth in Paragraph 13(b)(ii).

            "Value" shall mean, in respect of any date, the related S&P Value,
            the related Moody's First Trigger Value, and the related Moody's
            Second Trigger Value.


                                      8
<PAGE>


            "Volatility Buffer" means, for any Transaction, the related
            percentage set forth in the following table.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

            --------------------------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
            The higher of  the S&P
            short-term credit rating      Remaining    Remaining    Remaining    Remaining
            of (i) Party A and (ii)        Weighted     Weighted     Weighted     Weighted
            the Credit Support              Average      Average      Average      Average
            Provider of Party A, if     Maturity up  Maturity up  Maturity up  Maturity up
            applicable                   to 3 years   to 5 years  to 10 years  to 30 years
            --------------------------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
            <S>                               <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
            At least "A-2"                    2.75%        3.25%        4.00%        4.75%
            --------------------------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
            "A-3"                             3.25%        4.00%        5.00%        6.25%
            --------------------------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
            "BB+" or lower                    3.50%        4.50%        6.75%        7.50%
            --------------------------  -----------  -----------  -----------  -----------
</TABLE>






               [Remainder of this page intentionally left blank]


                                      9
<PAGE>


                                    Table 1

                         Moody's First Trigger Factor

   If "Valuation Date" means "each Wednesday or, if such day is not a Local
 Business Day, the next following Local Business Day", the "Weekly Collateral

  "Posting" column will apply and the Daily Collateral Posting Column will be
                                   deleted.

Remaining                                                Weekly
Weighted Average Life                                Collateral
of Hedge in Years                                       Posting

1 or less                                                 0.25%
More than 1 but not more than 2                           0.50%
More than 2 but not more than 3                           0.70%
More than 3 but not more than 4                           1.00%
More than 4 but not more than 5                           1.20%
More than 5 but not more than 6                           1.40%
More than 6 but not more than 7                           1.60%
More than 7 but not more than 8                           1.80%
More than 8 but not more than 9                           2.00%
More than 9 but not more than 10                          2.20%
More than 10 but not more than 11                         2.30%
More than 11 but not more than 12                         2.50%
More than 12 but not more than 13                         2.70%
More than 13 but not more than 14                         2.80%
More than 14 but not more than 15                         3.00%
More than 15 but not more than 16                         3.20%
More than 16 but not more than 17                         3.30%
More than 17 but not more than 18                         3.50%
More than 18 but not more than 19                         3.60%
More than 19 but not more than 20                         3.70%
More than 20 but not more than 21                         3.90%
More than 21 but not more than 22                         4.00%
More than 22 but not more than 23                         4.00%
More than 23 but not more than 24                         4.00%
More than 24 but not more than 25                         4.00%
More than 25 but not more than 26                         4.00%
More than 26 but not more than 27                         4.00%
More than 27 but not more than 28                         4.00%
More than 28 but not more than 29                         4.00%
More than 29                                              4.00%


                                      10
<PAGE>


                                    Table 2

         Moody's Second Trigger Factor for Transaction-Specific Hedges

   If "Valuation Date" means the first Local Business Day in each week, the
                "Weekly Collateral Posting" column will apply.


Remaining                                                [Weekly
Weighted Average Life                                 Collateral
of Hedge in Years                                        Posting

1 or less                                                  0.75%
More than 1 but not more than 2                            1.50%
More than 2 but not more than 3                            2.20%
More than 3 but not more than 4                            2.90%
More than 4 but not more than 5                            3.60%
More than 5 but not more than 6                            4.20%
More than 6 but not more than 7                            4.80%
More than 7 but not more than 8                            5.40%
More than 8 but not more than 9                            6.00%
More than 9 but not more than 10                           6.60%
More than 10 but not more than 11                          7.00%
More than 11 but not more than 12                          7.50%
More than 12 but not more than 13                          8.00%
More than 13 but not more than 14                          8.50%
More than 14 but not more than 15                          9.00%
More than 15 but not more than 16                          9.50%
More than 16 but not more than 17                          9.90%
More than 17 but not more than 18                         10.40%
More than 18 but not more than 19                         10.80%
More than 19 but not more than 20                         11.00%
More than 20 but not more than 21                         11.00%
More than 21 but not more than 22                         11.00%
More than 22 but not more than 23                         11.00%
More than 23 but not more than 24                         11.00%
More than 24 but not more than 25                         11.00%
More than 25 but not more than 26                         11.00%
More than 26 but not more than 27                         11.00%
More than 27 but not more than 28                         11.00%
More than 28 but not more than 29                         11.00%
More than 29                                              11.00%


                                      11
<PAGE>


      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Credit Support Annex
by their duly authorized representaives as of the date of the Agreement.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

<S>                                        <C>
LEHMAN BROTHERS SPECIAL                          THE BANK OF NEW YORK, not in its individual or
    FINANCING INC.                               corporate capacity but solely as Swap Contract
                                                   Administrator for CWABS, Inc. Asset-Backed
                                            Certificates, Series 2006-22, pursuant to a Swap Contract
                                                            Administration Agreement
</TABLE>

By: /s/ Robert E. Guglielmo                 By: /s/ Maria Tokarz
    -----------------------                     ----------------
    Name:  Robert E. Guglielmo                  Name:  Maria Tokarz
    Title: Senior Vice President                Title: Assistant Vice President
    Date:  November 30, 2006                    Date:  November 30, 2006


                                      12



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
