<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>ex10-7.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.7
<TEXT>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.7





                             ISDA{reg-trade-mark}
             INTERNATIONAL SWAPS AND DERIVATIVES ASSOCIATION, INC.


                             CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX

                            to the Schedule to the

                             ISDA MASTER AGREEMENT


                            dated as of 19 June 2003

                                    between

              Barclays Bank PLC  and   Gracechurch Card Funding (No. 4) PLC.
                          ("PARTY A")            ("PARTY B")


This  Annex  supplements,  forms  part  of,  and is subject to, the ISDA Master
Agreement referred to above and is part of its  Schedule.   For the purposes of
this Agreement, including, without limitation, Sections  1(c),  2(a),  5 and 6,
the  credit support arrangements set out in this Annex constitute a Transaction
(for which this Annex constitutes the Confirmation).


PARAGRAPH 1.  INTERPRETATION

Capitalised  terms  not  otherwise  defined  in this Annex or elsewhere in this
Agreement  have  the  meanings specified pursuant  to  Paragraph  10,  and  all
references in this Annex to Paragraphs are to Paragraphs of this Annex.  In the
event of any inconsistency  between this Annex and the other provisions of this
Schedule, this Annex will prevail,  and  in  the  event  of  any  inconsistency
between Paragraph 11 and the other provisions of this Annex, Paragraph  11 will
prevail.   For  the  avoidance of doubt, references to "transfer" in this Annex
mean, in relation to cash, payment, and in relation to the assets, delivery.


PARAGRAPH 2.  CREDIT SUPPORT OBLIGATIONS

(a)   DELIVERY AMOUNT.   Subject  to  Paragraphs 3 and 4, upon a demand made by
the Transferee on or promptly following  a  Valuation  Date,  if  the  Delivery
Amount  for  that  Valuation  Date  equals  or exceeds the Transferor's Minimum
Transfer Amount, then the Transferor will transfer  to  the Transferee Eligible
Credit Support having a Value as of the date of transfer  at least equal to the
applicable  Delivery  Amount  (rounded  pursuant  to  Paragraph 11(b)(iii)(D)).
Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 11(b), the "Delivery Amount" applicable
to the Transferor for any Valuation Date will equal the amount by which:

      (i)   the Credit Support Amount

      exceeds

      (ii)  the  Value  as  of that Valuation Date of the  Transferor's  Credit
      Support Balance (adjusted  to  include  any  prior Delivery Amount and to
      exclude any prior Return Amount, the transfer of which, in each case, has
      not yet been completed and for which the relevant Settlement Day falls on
      or after such Valuation Date).

(b)   RETURN AMOUNT.  Subject to Paragraphs 3 and 4,  upon a demand made by the
Transferor on or promptly following a Valuation Date, if  the Return Amount for
that Valuation Date equals or exceeds the Transferee's Minimum Transfer Amount,
then the Transferee will transfer to the Transferor Equivalent  Credit  Support
specified  by  the  Transferor in that demand having a Value as of the date  of
transfer as close as  practicable  to  the  applicable  Return  Amount (rounded
pursuant to Paragraph 11(b)(iii)(D)) and the Credit Support Balance  will, upon
such

<PAGE>


transfer, be reduced accordingly.  Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph
11(b), the "Return Amount" applicable to the Transferee for any Valuation  Date
will equal the amount by which:

      (i)   the  Value  as  of  that  Valuation Date of the Transferor's Credit
      Support Balance (adjusted to include  any  prior  Delivery  Amount and to
      exclude any prior Return Amount, the transfer of which, in each case, has
      not yet been completed and for which the relevant Settlement Day falls on
      or after such Valuation Date).

      exceeds

      (ii)  the Credit Support Amount.


PARAGRAPH 3.  TRANSFERS, CALCULATIONS AND EXCHANGES

(a)   TRANSFERS.   All  transfers  under  this  Annex  of  any  Eligible Credit
Support, Equivalent Credit Support, Interest Amount or Equivalent Distributions
shall  be  made  in  accordance  with  the  instructions  of the Transferee  or
Transferor, as applicable, and shall be made:

      (i)   in  the  case of cash, by transfer into one or more  bank  accounts
      specified by the recipient;

      (ii)  in the case  of  certificated  securities which cannot or which the
      parties have agreed will not be delivered  by  book-entry, by delivery in
      appropriate physical form to the recipient or its  account accompanied by
      any duly executed instruments of transfer, transfer  tax  stamps  and any
      other  documents necessary to constitute a legally valid transfer of  the
      transferring party's legal and beneficial title to the recipient; and

      (iii) in  the  case  of  securities which the parties have agreed will be
      delivered  by  book-entry,  by   the   giving   of  written  instructions
      (including,  for  the avoidance of doubt, instructions  given  by  telex,
      facsimile transmission  or  electronic  messaging system) to the relevant
      depository  institution  or  other  entity specified  by  the  recipient,
      together  with  a  written  copy of the instructions  to  the  recipient,
      sufficient, if complied with,  to  result in a legally effective transfer
      of the transferring party's legal and beneficial title to the recipient.

Subject to Paragraph 4 and unless otherwise  specified,  if  a  demand  for the
transfer of Eligible Credit Support or Equivalent Credit Support is received by
the  Notification Time, then the relevant transfer will be made not later  than
the close of business on the Settlement Day relating to the date such demand is
received;  if  a  demand  is  received  after  the  Notification Time, then the
relevant  transfer will be made not later than the close  of  business  on  the
Settlement Day relating to the day after the date such demand is received.

(b)   CALCULATIONS.   All  calculations  of  Value and Exposure for purposes of
Paragraphs 2 and 4(a) will be made by the relevant  Valuation  Agent  as of the
relevant  Valuation  Time.  The Valuation Agent will notify each party (or  the
other party, if the Valuation  Agent  is a party) of its calculations not later
than the Notification Time on the Local  Business  Day following the applicable
Valuation  Date  (or,  in  the case of Paragraph 4(a), following  the  date  of
calculation).

(c)   EXCHANGES.

      (i)   Unless otherwise  specified  in Paragraph 11, the Transferor may on
      any Local Business Day by notice inform  the Transferee that it wishes to
      transfer  to the Transferee Eligible Credit  Support  specified  in  that
      notice (the "New Credit Support") in exchange for certain Eligible Credit
      Support  (the   "Original  Credit  Support")  specified  in  that  notice
      comprised in the Transferor's Credit Support Balance.

      (ii)  If the Transferee  notifies the Transferor that it has consented to
      the proposed exchange, (A) the Transferor will be obliged to transfer the
      New  Credit  Support  to the  Transferee  on  the  first  Settlement  Day
      following  the date on which  it  receives  notice  (which  may  be  oral
      telephonic notice)  from  the  Transferee  of  its  consent  and  (B) the
      Transferee  will  be  obliged  to  transfer  to the Transferor Equivalent
      Credit Support in respect of the Original Credit  Support  not later than
      the  Settlement  Day following the date on which the Transferee  receives
      the New Credit Support,  unless  otherwise  specified  in Paragraph 11(d)
      (the "Exchange Date"); provided that the Transferee will  only be obliged
      to  transfer  Equivalent  Credit Support with a Value as of the  date  of
      transfer as close as practicable  to, but in any event not more than, the
      Value of the New Credit Support as of that date.

<PAGE>


PARAGRAPH 4.  DISPUTE RESOLUTION

(a)   DISPUTED CALCULATIONS OR VALUATIONS.   If  a  party (a "Disputing Party")
reasonably disputes (I) the Valuation Agent's calculation  of a Delivery Amount
or a Return Amount or (II) the Value of any transfer of Eligible Credit Support
or Equivalent Credit Support, then:

      (1)   the Disputing Party will notify the other party  and  the Valuation
      Agent (if the Valuation Agent is not the other party) not later  than the
      close of business on the Local Business Day following, in the case of (I)
      above, the date that the demand is received under Paragraph 2 or,  in the
      case of (II) above, the date of transfer;

      (2)   in  the case of (I) above, the appropriate party will transfer  the
      undisputed amount to the other party not later than the close of business
      on the Settlement  Day  following  the  date  that the demand is received
      under Paragraph 2;

      (3)   the parties will consult with each other  in  an attempt to resolve
      the dispute; and

      (4)   if they fail to resolve the dispute by the Resolution Time. then:

            (i)   in  the  case  of  a dispute involving a Delivery  Amount  or
            Return Amount, unless otherwise  specified  in Paragraph 11(c), the
            Valuation Agent will recalculate the Exposure  and  the Value as of
            the Recalculation Date by:

                  (A)    utilising  any  calculations  of  that  part   of  the
                  Exposure  attributable  to  the Transactions that the parties
                  have agreed are not in dispute;

                  (B)    calculating that part  of the Exposure attributable to
                  the Transactions in dispute by seeking four actual quotations
                  at mid-market from Reference Market-makers  for  purposes  of
                  calculating  Market  Quotation,  and  taking  the  arithmetic
                  average  of  those obtained; provided that if four quotations
                  are not available  for  a  particular Transaction, then fewer
                  than four quotations may be used for that Transaction, and if
                  no quotations are available  for  a  particular  Transaction,
                  then the Valuation Agent's original calculations will be used
                  for the Transaction; and

                  (C)    utilising   the   procedures  specified  in  Paragraph
                  11(e)(ii) for calculating  the  Value,  if  disputed,  of the
                  outstanding Credit Support Balance;

            (ii)  in  the case of a dispute involving the Value of any transfer
            of Eligible  Credit  Support  or  Equivalent  Credit  Support,  the
            Valuation  Agent  will  recalculate  the  Value  as  of the date of
            transfer pursuant to Paragraph 11(e)(ii).

Following a recalculation pursuant to this Paragraph, the Valuation  Agent will
notify  each  party (or the other party, if the Valuation Agent is a party)  as
soon as possible  but  in any event not later than the Notification Time on the
Local Business Day following  the Resolution Time.  The appropriate party will,
upon demand following such notice  given  the  Valuation  Agent  or  resolution
pursuant  to  (3)  above  and  subject  to Paragraph 3(a), make the appropriate
transfer.

(b)   NO EVENT OF DEFAULT.  The failure by  a  party  to make a transfer of any
amount which is the subject of a dispute to which Paragraph  4(a)  applies will
not  constitute  an Event of Default for as long as the procedures set  out  in
this Paragraph 4 are  being  carried  out.   For  the  avoidance of doubt, upon
completion of those procedures, Section 5(a)(i) of this Agreement will apply to
any failure by a party to make a transfer required under  the final sentence of
Paragraph 4(a) on the relevant due date.






PARAGRAPH  5.   TRANSFER  OF  TITLE,  NO  SECURITY INTEREST, DISTRIBUTIONS  AND
INTEREST AMOUNT

(a)   TRANSFER OF TITLE.  Each party agrees  that all right, title and interest
in and to any Eligible Credit Support, Equivalent  Credit  Support,  Equivalent
Distributions  or  Interest Amount which it transfers to the other party  under
the terms of this Annex  shall  vest  in  the  recipient  free and clear of any
liens,  claims,  charges  or  encumbrances  or  any  other  interest   of   the
transferring  party or of any third person (other than a lien routinely imposed
on all securities in a relevant clearance system).

<PAGE>


(b)   NO SECURITY  INTEREST.   Nothing  in  this Annex is intended to create or
does  create  in  favour of either party any mortgage,  charge,  lien,  pledge,
encumbrance  or  other   security  interest  in  any  cash  or  other  property
transferred by one party to the other party under the terms of this Annex.

(c)   DISTRIBUTIONS AND INTEREST AMOUNT.

      (i)   DISTRIBUTIONS.   The Transferee will transfer to the Transferor not
      later than the Settlement  Day  following  each  Distributions Date cash,
      securities or other property of the same type, nominal value, description
      and amount as the relevant Distributions ("Equivalent  Distributions") to
      the  extent that a Delivery Amount would not be created or  increased  by
      the transfer,  as  calculated  by  the  Valuation  Agent (and the date of
      calculation will be deemed a Valuation Date for this purpose).

      (ii)  INTEREST   AMOUNT.    Unless   otherwise  specified  in   Paragraph
      11(f)(iii), the Transferee will transfer  to  the Transferor at the times
      specified  in  Paragraph 11(f)(ii) the relevant Interest  Amount  to  the
      extent that a Delivery  Amount  would  not be created or increased by the
      transfer,  as  calculated  by  the  Valuation  Agent  (and  the  date  of
      calculation will be deemed a Valuation Date for this purpose).

PARAGRAPH 6.  DEFAULT

If any Early Termination Date is designated  or  deemed to occur as a result of
an Event of Default in relation to a party, an amount equal to the Value of the
Credit Support Balance, determined as though the Early  Termination Date were a
Valuation  Date, will be deemed to be an Unpaid Amount due  to  the  Transferor
(which may or  may  not  be the Defaulting Party) for purposes of Section 6(e).
For the avoidance of doubt,  if  Market  Quotation  is  the  applicable payment
measure  for  purposes  of  Section 6(e), then the Market Quotation  determined
under Section 6(e) in relation  to  the  Transaction  constituted by this Annex
will be deemed to be zero, and if Loss is the applicable  payment  measure  for
purposes  of  Section  6(e),  then  the  Loss  determined under Section 6(e) in
relation to the Transaction will be limited to the  Unpaid  Amount representing
the Value of the Credit Support Balance.

PARAGRAPH 7.  REPRESENTATION

Each party represents to the other party (which representation  will  be deemed
to  be  repeated as of each date on which it transfers Eligible Credit Support,
Equivalent  Credit  Support or Equivalent Distributions) that is the sole owner
of  or  otherwise has the  right  to  transfer  all  Eligible  Credit  Support,
Equivalent Credit Support or Equivalent Distributions it transfers to the other
party under  this  Annex,  free  and  clear  of  any  security  interest,  lien
encumbrance  or  other  restriction  (other  than lien routinely imposed on all
securities in a relevant clearance system).

PARAGRAPH 8.  EXPENSES

Each party will pay its own costs and expenses  (including any stamp, transfer,
or similar transaction tax or duty payable on any  transfer  it  is required to
make under this Annex) in connection with performing its obligations under this
Annex,  and  neither  party  will  be  liable  for  any such costs and expenses
incurred by the other party.

PARAGRAPH 9.  MISCELLANEOUS

(a)   DEFAULT  INTEREST.   Other than in the case of an  amount  which  is  the
subject of dispute under Paragraph  4(a),  if  a Transferee fails to make, when
due, any transfer of Equivalent Credit Support, Equivalent Distributions or the
Interest  Amount,  it  will  be obliged to pay the Transferor  (to  the  extent
permitted under applicable law) an amount equal to interest at the Default Rate
multiplied by the Value on the relevant Valuation Date of the items of property
that were required to be transferred,  from  (and  including) the date that the
Equivalent Credit Support, Equivalent Distributions  or  Interest  Amount  were
required  to  be  transferred  to  (but  excluding) the date of transfer of the
Equivalent Credit Support, Equivalent Distributions  or  Interest Amount.  This
interest will be calculated on the basis of daily compounding  and  the  actual
number of days elapsed.

(b)   GOOD  FAITH  AND  COMMERCIALLY  REASONABLE  MANNER.   Performance  of all
obligations  under this Annex, including, but not limited to, all calculations,
valuations and  determinations made by either party, will be made in good faith
and in a commercially reasonable manner.

(c)   DEMANDS AND NOTICES.  All demands and notices given by a party under this
Annex will be given as specified in Section 12 of this Agreement.

<PAGE>


(d)   SPECIFICATIONS OF CERTAIN MATTERS.  Anything referred to in this Annex as
being  specified in  Paragraph  11  also  may  be  specified  in  one  or  more
Confirmations or other documents and this Annex will be construed accordingly.

PARAGRAPH 10.  DEFINITIONS

As used in this Annex:

"Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in Paragraph 11(a)(i).

"Base Currency  Equivalent"  means,  with  respect  to an amount on a Valuation
Date,  in  the case of an amount denominated in the Base  Currency,  such  Base
Currency and, in the case of an amount denominated in a currency other than the
Base Currency  (the  "Other Currency"), the amount of Base Currency required to
purchase such amount of the Other Currency at the spot exchange rate determined
by the Valuation Agent for value on such Valuation Date.

"Credit Support Amount"   means,  with  respect  to a Transferor on a Valuation
Date,  (i)  the  Transferee's  Exposure  plus  (ii)  all   Independent  Amounts
applicable  to  the  Transferor,  if  any, minus (iii) all Independent  Amounts
applicable to the Transferee, if any, minus  (iv)  the  Transferor's Threshold;
provided, however, that the Credit Support Amount will be  deemed  to  be  zero
whenever  the  calculation  of  Credit Support Amount yields a number less than
zero.

"Credit Support Balance"  means,  with  respect  to a Transferor on a Valuation
Date, the aggregate of all Eligible Credit Support that has been transferred to
or received by the Transferee under this Annex, together with any Distributions
and  all  proceeds  of any such Eligible Credit Support  or  Distributions,  as
reduced  pursuant  to  Paragraph   2(b),   3(c)(ii)   or   6.   Any  Equivalent
Distributions  or  Interest  Amount  (or  portion  of  either) not  transferred
pursuant  to  Paragraph 5(c)(i) or (ii) will form part of  the  Credit  Support
Balance.

"Delivery Amount"  has the meaning specified in Paragraph 2(a).

"Disputing Party"  has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4.

"Distributions"   means,  with respect to any Eligible Credit Support comprised
in the Credit Support Balance consisting of securities, all principal, interest
and other payments and distributions  of  cash  or  other  property  to which a
holder of securities of the same type, nominal value, description and amount as
such Eligible Credit Support would be entitled from time to time.

"Distribution  Date"   means,  with  respect  to  any  Eligible  Credit Support
comprised in the Credit Support Balance other than cash, each date  on  which a
holder of such Eligible Credit Support is entitled to receive Distributions or,
if  that  date  is  not a Local Business Day, the next following Local Business
Day.

"Eligible Credit Support"   means,  with respect to a party, the items, if any,
specified as such for that party in Paragraph  11(b)(ii) including, in relation
to any securities, if applicable, the proceeds of any redemption in whole or in
party of such securities by the relevant issuer.

"Eligible  Currency"   means  each  currency specified  as  such  in  Paragraph
11(a)(ii), if such currency is freely available.

"Equivalent Credit Support"  means, in  relation to any Eligible Credit Support
comprised in the Credit Support Balance,  Eligible  Credit  Support of the same
type, nominal value, description and amount as that Eligible Credit Support.

"Equivalent Distributions"  has the meaning specified in Paragraph 5(c)(i).

"Exchange Date"  has the meaning specified in Paragraph 11(d).

"Exposure"  means, with respect to a party on a Valuation Date  and  subject to
Paragraph 4 in the case of a dispute, the amount, if any, that would be payable
to  that  party by the other party (expressed as a positive number) or by  that
party to the  other  party (expressed as a negative number) pursuant to Section
6(e)(ii)(1) of this Agreement  if  all Transactions (other than the Transaction
constituted by this Annex) were being  terminated  as of the relevant Valuation
Time, on the basis that (i) that party is not the Affected  Party  and (ii) the
Base  Currency  is  the  Termination Currency; provided  that Market Quotations
will be determined by the  Valuation  Agent  on  behalf of that party using its
estimates  at  mid-market of the amounts that would  be  paid  for  Replacement
Transactions (as that term is defined in the definition of "Market Quotation").


<PAGE>


"Independent Amount"   means,  with  respect  to  a  party,  the  Base Currency
Equivalent  of  the  amount  specified  as  such  for  that  party in Paragraph
11(b)(iii)(A); if not amount is specified, zero.

"Interest Amount"  means, with respect to an Interest Period, the aggregate sum
of the Base Currency Equivalents of the amounts of interest determined for each
relevant currency and calculated for each day in that Interest  Period  on  the
principal amount of the portion of the Credit Support Balance comprised of cash
in  such  currency,  determined  by  the  Valuation  Agent for each such day as
follows:

      (x)   the amount of cash in such currency on that day; multiplied by

      (y)   the relevant Interest Rate in effect for that day; divided by

      (z)   360 (or, in the case of pounds sterling, 365).

"Interest  Period"   means  the  period  from (and including)  the  last  Local
Business Day on which an Interest Amount was  transferred  (or,  if no Interest
Amount  has  yet  been  transferred,  the  Local Business Day on which Eligible
Credit Support or Equivalent Credit Support in the form of cash was transferred
to or received by the Transferee) to (but excluding)  the Local Business Day on
which the current Interest Amount is transferred.

"Interest Rate"  means with respect to an Eligible Currency, the rate specified
in Paragraph 11(f)(i) for that currency.

"Local Business Day"  , unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 11(h), means:

      (i)   in  relation to a transfer of cash or other  property  (other  than
      securities)  under  this  Annex, a day on which commercial banks are open
      for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency
      deposits) in the place where  the  relevant  account  is  located and, if
      different, in the principal financial centre, if any, of the  currency of
      such payment;

      (ii)  in relation to a transfer of securities under this Annex,  a day on
      which the clearance system agreed between the parties for delivery of the
      securities  is  open  for  the  acceptance  and  execution  of settlement
      instructions or, if delivery of the securities is contemplated  by  other
      means,  a  day on which commercial banks are open for business (including
      dealings in  foreign  exchange  and  foreign  currency  deposits)  in the
      place(s) agreed between the parties for this purpose.

      (iii) in  relation  to  a  valuation  under  this  Annex,  a day on which
      commercial  banks  are  open for business (including dealings in  foreign
      exchange and foreign currency  deposits)  in the place of location of the
      Valuation Agent and in the place(s) agreed  between  the parties for this
      purpose; and

      (iv)  in relation to any notice or other communication  under this Annex,
      a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings
      in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place specified
      in the address for notice most recently provided by the recipient.

"Minimum Transfer Amount"  means, with respect to a party, the amount specified
as such for that party in Paragraph 11(b)(iii)(C); if no amount  is  specified,
zero.

"New Credit Support"  has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(c)(i).

"Notification Time"  has the meaning specified in Paragraph 11(c)(iv).

"Recalculation  Date"  means the Valuation Date that gives rise to the  dispute
under Paragraph 4; provided however, that if a subsequent Valuation Date occurs
under  Paragraph  2   prior   to  the  resolution  of  the  dispute,  then  the
"Recalculation Date" means the most recent Valuation Date under Paragraph 2.

"Resolution Time"  has the meaning specified in Paragraph 11(c)(i).

"Return Amount"  has the meaning specified in Paragraph 2(b).

"Settlement Day"  means, in relation  to a date, (i) with respect to a transfer
of cash or other property (other than securities),  the next Local Business Day
and (ii) with respect to a transfer of securities, the first Local Business Day
after such date on which settlement of a trade in the  relevant  securities, if
effected  on  such  date, would have been settled in accordance with  customary
practice when settling  through the clearance system agreed between the parties
for delivery of such securities  or,  otherwise,  on  the  market in which such
securities  are  principally traded

<PAGE>

(or, in either case, if there is no such customary practice,  on the first Local
Business Day after such date on which it is  reasonably  practicable  to deliver
such securities).

"Threshold"  means,  with  respect  to a party, the Base Currency Equivalent of
the amount specified as such for that  party  in Paragraph 11(b)(iii)(B); if no
amount is specified, zero.

"Transferee"  means, in relation to each Valuation  Date,  the party in respect
of  which  Exposure is a positive number and, in relation to a  Credit  Support
Balance, the  party  which,  subject  to  this  Annex, owes such Credit Support
Balance or, as the case may be, the Value of such Credit Support Balance to the
other party.

"Transferor"  means, in relation to a Transferee, the other party.

"Valuation Agent"  has the meaning specified in Paragraph 11(c)(i).

"Valuation Date"  means each date specified in or otherwise determined pursuant
to Paragraph 11(c)(ii).

"Valuation  Percentage"  means, for any item of Eligible  Credit  Support,  the
percentage specified in Paragraph 11(b)(ii).

"Valuation Time"  has the meaning specified in Paragraph 11(c)(iii).

"Value"  means,  for  any  Valuation  Date  or  other  date  for which Value is
calculated, and subject to Paragraph 4 in the case of a dispute,  with  respect
to:

      (i)   Eligible Credit Support comprised in a Credit Support Balance  that
      is:

            (A)   an  amount  of  cash,  the  Base  Currency Equivalent of such
            amount multiplied by the applicable Valuation  Percentage,  if any;
            and

            (B)   a  security,  the  Base  Currency Equivalent of the bid price
            obtained  by  the  Valuation Agent  multiplied  by  the  applicable
            Valuation Percentage, if any; and

      (ii)  items that are comprised  in  a  Credit Support Balance and are not
      Eligible Credit Support, zero.


PARAGRAPH 11. ELECTIONS AND VARIABLES

(a)   BASE CURRENCY AND ELIGIBLE CURRENCY.

      (i)   "Base Currency" means GBP.

      (i)   "Eligible Currency" means the Base Currency and each other currency
            specified here: United States Dollars and Euros.

      It is agreed  by the  parties  that  where the  Credit  Support  Amount is
      transferred  in a currency  other than the Base  Currency,  the  Valuation
      Percentage  specified  in  Paragraph  11(b)(ii)  shall  be  reduced  by  a
      percentage  agreed by the parties  and  approved  by the  relevant  rating
      agency  ("ADDITIONAL  VALUATION  PERCENTAGE"),  such Additional  Valuation
      Percentage  being 6% or such lower percentage as agreed by the parties and
      approved by the  relevant  rating  agency.  For the purpose of this Annex,
      references  to the "relevant  rating  agency" shall mean the rating agency
      whose  Ratings  Criteria  will be used to determine the amount of Eligible
      Credit Support that Party A is required to transfer to Party B following a
      credit ratings downgrade of Party A.


(b)   CREDIT SUPPORT OBLIGATIONS.

      (i)   DELIVERY AMOUNT, RETURN AMOUNT AND CREDIT SUPPORT AMOUNT.


            (A)   "DELIVERY AMOUNT":  Paragraph  2(a)  shall apply, except that
                  the words, "upon a demand made by the  Transferee"  shall  be
                  deleted  and  the word "that" on the second line of Paragraph
                  2(a) shall be replaced with the word "a".

            (B)   "RETURN AMOUNT"  has  the  meaning  as specified in Paragraph
                  2(b).

<PAGE>



            (C)    "CREDIT SUPPORT AMOUNT" has the meaning  specified under the
                  relevant  definition  of Ratings Criteria.  In  circumstances
                  where more than one of the Ratings Criteria apply to Party A,
                  the Credit Support Amount shall be calculated by reference to
                  the  Ratings  Criteria  which   would   result   in  Party  A
                  transferring the greatest amount of Eligible Credit  Support.
                  Under  no  circumstances will Party A be required to transfer
                  more  Eligible   Credit  Support  than  the  greatest  amount
                  calculated in accordance  with  the  Ratings Criteria set out
                  below.


      (ii)  ELIGIBLE  CREDIT  SUPPORT.  The  following items  will  qualify  as
            "Eligible Credit Support" for Party A:

                                                                      VALUATION
                                                                      PERCENTAGE

            (A)   cash in an Eligible Currency                            100%

            (B)   negotiable debt obligations issued  after 18 July 1984   99%
                  by the U.S. Treasury Department
                  having a residual maturity on such date of less than
                  1 year (with local and foreign currency issuer ratings
                  of Moody's Aa2 and  S&P AA or above)

            (C)   negotiable debt obligations issued after 18 July 1984    97%
                  by the U.S. Treasury Department
                  having a residual maturity on such date equal to or
                  greater than 1 year but less than 5 years (with local
                  and foreign currency issuer ratings of Moody's Aa2
                  and S&P AA or above)

            (D)   negotiable debt obligations issued after18 July 1984     95%
                  by the U.S. Treasury Department
                  having a residual maturity on such date
                  equal to or greater than 5 years but less than
                  10 years (with local and foreign currency issuer ratings
                  of Moody's Aa2 and  S&P AA or above)

            (E)   negotiable debt obligations of the Federal               95%
                  Republic of Germany (with local and foreign currency
                  issuer ratings of Moody's Aa2 and S&P AA
                  or above) with a residual maturity of less than 10 years
                  at the date of their transfer to the Secured Party.

            (F)   negotiable debt obligations of the Republic of France    95%
                  (with local and foreign currency issuer ratings of
                  Moody's Aa2 and  S&P AA or above) with
                  a residual maturity of less than 10 years at the date of
                  their transfer to the Secured Party.

            (G)   negotiable debt obligations of Belgium                   95%
                  (with local and foreign currency issuer ratings of
                  Moody's Aa2 and  S&P AA or above) with
                  a residual maturity of less than 10 years at the date of
                  their transfer to the Secured Party.

            (H)   negotiable debt obligations of the United Kingdom        95%
                  (with local and foreign currency issuer ratings of
                  Moody's Aa2 and S&P AA or above) with
                  a residual maturity of less than 10 years at the date of
                  their transfer to the Secured Party.

            (I)   negotiable debt obligations of Italy                     95%
                  (with local and foreign currency issuer ratings of
                  Moody's Aa2 and S&P AA or above) with


<PAGE>

                  a residual Maturity of less than 10 years at the date of
                  their transfer to the Secured Party.

            (J)   negotiable debt obligations of the Netherlands           95%
                  (with local and foreign currency issuer ratings of
                  Moody's Aa2 and S&P AA or above) with
                  a residual maturity of less than 10 years at the date of
                  their transfer to the Secured Party.

            (K)   negotiable debt obligations of Sweden                    95%
                  (with local and foreign currency issuer ratings of
                  Moody's Aa2 and S&P AA or above) with
                  a residual maturity of less than 10 years at the date of
                  their transfer to the Secured Party.

            (L)   negotiable debt obligations of the US Government         97%

                  National Mortgage Association, the US Federal
                  National Mortgage Association, the US Federal
                  Home Loan Mortgage Corporation,
                  the US Student Loans Marketing Association
                  or a US Federal Home Loan Bank (all entities rated
                  Moody's Aa1 and S&P AA+ or above) with
                  a residual maturity on such date equal to or greater than
                  1 year but less than 3 years.

            (M)   negotiable debt obligations of the US Government         90%

                  National Mortgage Association, the US Federal
                  National Mortgage Association, the US Federal
                  Home Loan Mortgage Corporation,
                  the US Student Loans Marketing Association
                  or a US Federal Home Loan Bank (all entries rated
                  Moody's Aa1 and S&P AA+ or above) with
                  a residual maturity on such date equal to or greater than
                  3 years but less than 5 years.

            (N)   negotiable debt obligations of the US Government         87%

                  National Mortgage Association, the US Federal
                  National Mortgage Association, the US Federal
                  Home Loan Mortgage Corporation,
                  the US Student Loans Marketing Association
                  or a US Federal Home Loan Bank (all entries rated
                  Moody's Aa1 and S&P AA+ or above) with a
                  residual maturity on such date equal to or greater than
                  5 years but less than 7 years.

            (O)   negotiable debt obligations of the US Government         83%

                  National Mortgage Association, the US Federal
                  National Mortgage Association, the US Federal
                  Home Loan Mortgage Corporation,
                  the US Student Loans Marketing Association
                  or a US Federal Home Loan Bank (all entries rated Moody's
                  Aa1 and S&P AA+ or above) with a residual
                  maturity on such date equal to or greater than 7 years but
                  less than 10 years.

            For the avoidance of doubt, where  negotiable  debt obligations are
            rated by only one of the above relevant rating agencies, the rating
            applied will be based on the rating of that agency.

            Where the ratings of the relevant agencies differ  with  respect to
            the same negotiable debt obligation, the lower of the ratings shall
            apply.


<PAGE>


       (iii)THRESHOLDS.

            (A)   "INDEPENDENT  AMOUNT"  means,  for Party A and Party B,  with
                  respect to each Transaction, zero.

            (B)   "THRESHOLD" means, for Party A:

            1.    infinity, unless (i) Party A: (a)  ceases to be rated as high
                  as Moody's Required Ratings I and/or  (b)  ceases to be rated
                  as  high  as  S&P's  Required  Rating  AND  (ii) it  has  not
                  otherwise complied with Part 5.2(i)(x)(a), (b)  or (c) and/or
                  Part  5.2(ii)(a),(b)  and  (d)   of  the Agreement, then  its
                  Threshold shall be zero, or

            2.    in   the   event  that  Party  A  has  complied   with   Part
                  5.2(i)(x)(a),(b) or (c) and/or Part 5.2(ii)(a),(b) or (d)  of
                  the Agreement,  its  Threshold shall continue to be infinity,
                  unless it (or its successor)  ceases  to  be rated as high as
                  Moody's  Required  Ratings  II, then its Threshold  shall  be
                  zero,  until  such  time  as  it  has   complied   with  Part
                  5.2(y)(a),(b) or (c).

                  "THRESHOLD" means, for Party B: infinity

            (C)   "MINIMUM TRANSFER AMOUNT" means, with respect to Party  A and
                  Party  B,  GBP100,000;  provided,  that  if  (1)  an Event of
                  Default has occurred and is continuing with respect  to Party
                  A,  or  (2)  an Additional Termination Event has occurred  in
                  respect of which Party A is an Affected, the Minimum Transfer
                  Amount with respect to such party shall be zero.

            (D)   "ROUNDING". The Delivery Amount and the Return Amount will be
                  rounded up and  down  to  the  nearest  integral  multiple of
                  GPB10,000 respectively, subject to the maximum Return  Amount
                  being equal to the Credit Support Balance.

(c)   VALUATION AND TIMING.

      (i)   "VALUATION AGENT" means, Party A in all circumstances.

      (ii)  "VALUATION DATE" means every day; provided that if such day is  not
            a Local Business Day then the Valuation Date shall be the preceding
            day that is a Local Business Day.

      (iii) "VALUATION TIME" means 5.00p.m. New York time on the Local Business
            Day   immediately   preceding   the   Valuation  Date  or  date  of
            calculation, as applicable; provided that the calculations of Value
            and Exposure will be made as approximately  the  same  time  on the
            same date.

      (iv)  "NOTIFICATION  TIME"  means  by  2:00p.m.,  London time, on a Local
            Business Day.

(d)   EXCHANGE  DATE.  "Exchange Date" has the meaning specified  in  paragraph
      3(c)(ii).

(e)   DISPUTE RESOLUTION.

      (i)   "RESOLUTION  TIME"  means  2:00 p.m., London, on the Local Business
            Day following the date on which  notice is given that gives rise to
            a dispute under Paragraph 4.

      (ii)  "VALUE".   For   the   purpose  of  Paragraph   4(a)(4)(i)(C)   and
            4(a)(4)(ii), the Value of the outstanding Credit Support Balance or
            of any transfer of Eligible  Credit  Support  or  Equivalent Credit
            Support, as the case may be, will be calculated as follows:

            For  Eligible Credit Support comprised in a Credit Support  Balance
            that is  an  amount  of  cash, the Base Currency Equivalent of such
            amount.

      (iii) "ALTERNATIVE". The provisions of Paragraph 4 will apply.

(f)   DISTRIBUTION AND INTEREST AMOUNT.

      (ii)  INTEREST RATE.  The "INTEREST  RATE"  will  be  with respect to the
            Base Currency, the overnight rate for such day, as  set forth under
            the  heading  "SONIA"  on  Telerate  Page  3937  under  the heading
            "Sterling  Overnight  Index"  as  of 9.00 a.m., London time or  any
            successor page and if for any

<PAGE>


            reason  Telerate Page 3937 should be  unavailable  the Interest Rate
            shall be such rate as agreed between the parties reflecting the then
            prevailing  market  rate.  In the event that the parties  agree that
            Eligible Credit Support may include  currencies  other than the Base
            Currency,  the  "INTEREST  RATE" with respect to each such  currency
            shall be such rate as may be agreed  between the parties at the time
            that it is agreed that  Eligible  Credit  Support  may include  such
            currency.


       (ii) "TRANSFER  OF INTEREST AMOUNT". The transfer of the Interest Amount
            will be made  on  the first Local Business Day following the end of
            each calendar month  to  the  extent  that  Party  B has earned and
            received such amount of interest and that a Delivery  Amount  would
            not  be  created  or  increased  by that transfer, and on any other
            Local  Business  Day  on  which  Equivalent   Credit   Support   is
            transferred  to the Transferor pursuant to Paragraph 2(b), provided
            that Party B shall  only be obliged to transfer any Interest Amount
            to Party A to the extent that it has received such amount.

      (iii) "ALTERNATIVE  TO INTEREST  AMOUNT".  The  provisions  of  Paragraph
            5(c)(ii) will apply.   For the purposes of calculating the Interest
            Amount  the amount of interest  calculated  for  each  day  of  the
            Interest  Period  shall,  with respect to any Eligible Currency, be
            compounded daily.

      (iv)  INTEREST  AMOUNT" The definition  of  "INTEREST  AMOUNT"  shall  be
            deleted and replaced with the following:

            "INTEREST AMOUNT"  means,  with  respect  to an Interest Period and
            each portion of the Credit Support Balance  comprised of cash in an
            Eligible  Currency, the sum of the amounts of  interest  determined
            for each day  in  that  Interest  Period  by the Valuation Agent as
            follows:

            (x)   the amount of such currency comprised  in  the Credit Support
                  Balance at the close of business for general  dealings in the
                  relevant currency on such day (or, if such day is not a Local
                  Business  Day,  on  the immediately preceding Local  Business
                  Day); multiplied by

            (y)   the relevant Interest Rate; divided by

            (z)   360 (or in the case of Pounds Sterling, 365).

(g)   ADDRESSES FOR TRANSFERS.

      Party A:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
GBP Cash                    EUR Cash                    USD Cash
<S>                          <C>                        <C>
Barclays Bank London        Barclays Bank London        Barclays Bank PLC
Sort Code 20-00-00          A/c number 44295577         A/C 050035428
A/c number: 50654140        A/c name: Barclays Capital  A/c name: Barclays Capital
A/c name: Barclays Capital  Ref: Collateral             Ref: Collateral
Ref: Collateral

</TABLE>



      Party B: to be advised

(h)   OTHER PROVISIONS.

   (I)TRANSFER TIMING

            (D)   The final paragraph of  Paragraph  3(a)  shall be deleted and
                  replaced with the following:

                  "Subject to Paragraph 4, and unless otherwise  specified, any
                  transfer  of  Eligible  Credit  Support or Equivalent  Credit
                  Support (whether by the Transferor pursuant to Paragraph

<PAGE>


                  2(a) or by the Transferee pursuant to Paragraph 2(b)) shall be
                  made not later than the close of  business  on the  Settlement
                  Day."

            (E)   The  definition  of  Settlement  Day  shall  be  deleted  and
                  replaced with the following:

                  "SETTLEMENT  DAY" means the next Local Business Day after the
                  Demand Date

            (F)   For the purposes of this Paragraph 11(h)(i):

                  "DEMAND DATE" means, with respect to a transfer by a party.

                   (i)   in the case of a  transfer  pursuant  to  Paragraph  2,
                         Paragraph  3  or   Paragraph   4(a)(2),   the  relevant
                         Valuation  Date.  For the  avoidance of doubt,  for the
                         purposes of  Paragraph  2 and  Paragraph  4(a)(2),  the
                         Transferor  will be  deemed  to  receive  notice of the
                         demand by the Transferee to make a transfer of Eligible
                         Credit Support; and

                  (ii)   in  the  case  of  a  transfer pursuant  to  Paragraph
                         3(c)(ii)(A),  the date on  which  the  Transferee  has
                         given its consent to the proposed exchange.

      for the avoidance of doubt, on each Demand Date the Transferor shall
      deliver to the Transferee and the Trustee a statement showing the amount
      of Eligible Credit Support to be delivered.


      (II)  EARLY TERMINATION

            The heading for Paragraph 6  shall  be  deleted  and  replaced with
            "Early Termination" and the following shall be added after the word
            "Default" in the first line of Paragraph 6, "or a Termination Event
            in relation to all (but not less than all) Transactions".

      (III) COSTS OF TRANSFER ON EXCHANGE

            Notwithstanding  Paragraph  8,  the  Transferor will be responsible
            for, and will reimburse the Transferee  for, all transfer and other
            taxes and other costs involved in the transfer  of  Eligible Credit
            Support either from the Transferor to the Transferee  or  from  the
            Transferee to the Transferor hereto.

      (IV)  CUMULATIVE RIGHTS

            The  rights, powers and remedies of the Transferee under this Annex
            shall  be  in  addition to all rights, powers and remedies given to
            the Transferee by the Agreement or by virtue of any statute or rule
            of  law,  all  of  which  rights,  powers  and  remedies  shall  be
            cumulative  and  may  be  exercised  successively  or  concurrently
            without  impairing the rights  of  the  Transferee  in  the  Credit
            Support Balance created pursuant to this Annex.

      (V)  SINGLE TRANSFEROR AND SINGLE TRANSFEREE

            Party A and  Party  B  agree  that, notwithstanding anything to the
            contrary in this Annex, (including, without limitation, the recital
            hereto, Paragraph 2 or the definitions  in  Paragraph  10), (a) the
            term "Transferee" as used in this Annex means only Party B, (b) the
            term  "Transferor"  as used in this Annex means only Party  A,  (c)
            only Party A will be  required to make Transfers of Eligible Credit
            Support hereunder; and (d) in the calculation of any Credit Support
            Amount, where the Transferee's  Exposure  would  be  expressed as a
            negative number, such Exposure shall be deemed to be zero.

      (VI)  RATINGS CRITERIA

            "RATINGS CRITERIA" means, the criteria used by S&P ("S&P CRITERIA")
            and  the  criteria  used  by Moody's ("MOODY'S CRITERIA")  for  the
            purposes of determining the amount of Eligible Credit Support Party
            A  is required to transfer hereunder  following  a  credit  ratings
            downgrade where

<PAGE>


            Party A has opted to or is  required to  transfer  Eligible  Credit
            Support in support of its obligations under the Agreement  pursuant
            to Part 5.2 of the Agreement.

            MOODY'S CRITERIA

            "CREDIT SUPPORT AMOUNT" shall mean, with respect to a Transferor on
            a Valuation Date:

            (A) the Transferee's Exposure multiplied by "A" and (B) the product
            of  "B"  multiplied by the sum of the Currency Amount(s) as defined
            in the Confirmation  for  each  outstanding  Transaction  under the
            Agreement, where:

            (i)   "A"  means 102% and "B" means 2% if the short-term, unsecured
                  and unsubordinated  debt  obligations  of  Party  A  (or  its
                  successor)  and,  if relevant, any Credit Support Provider of
                  Party A cease to be  rated  as  high as "Prime-1" and "A2" by
                  Moody's.

            (ii)  "A" means 102% and "B" means 3% if  the short-term, unsecured
                  and  unsubordinated  debt  obligations of  Party  A  (or  its
                  successor) and, if relevant,  any  Credit Support Provider of
                  Party A cease to be rated as high as  "Prime-2"  and  "A3" by
                  Moody's.

            (iii) "A" means 0% and "B" means 0% in all other cases.



            S&P CRITERIA

            "CREDIT SUPPORT AMOUNT" shall mean with respect to a Transferor  on
            a Valuation Date the greater of:

            (A)

            (i)   MTM + VB = CR;

            (ii)  MTM + (VB x 0.1) = BRCR; or

            (iii) CR x CM1 x CM2 = CCR

            where applicable, and;

            (B)   0

            If  the  Transaction under this Agreement is an Interest Rate Swap,
            Basis Swap  or  Currency  Swap  (as defined in the Confirmation for
            each outstanding Transaction under  this  Agreement),  then (A)(i),
            (ii) or (iii) will apply respectively.

            Where:

            "MTM" means Transferees Exposure;

            "VB" means the Currency Amount (as defined in the Confirmation  for
            each  outstanding  Transaction  under  this  Agreement)  times  the
            relevant percentage set out in Table A below;

            "CM1" and "CM2" mean the multiplication factors set out in Table  B
            below.   The currency of each leg of the Transaction will determine
            which factor to use for each of CM1 and CM2.

<PAGE>


            TABLE A


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         VOLATILITY BUFFER
<S>                        <C>             <C>              <C>                                             <C>
Counterparty               The Group 1,    Remaining   Term   Remaining Term (as defined in the 2000 ISDA    Remaining  Term   (as
                           Group  2  or    (as  defined  in   Definitions) of Transaction up to 10 years,    defined  in  the 2000
                           Group  3  is    the   2000  ISDA   but greater than 5 years                       ISDA Definitions)  of
                           dependent on    Definitions)  of                                                  Transaction more than
                           the currency    Transaction   up                                                  10 years
                           of       the    to 5 years
                           Transaction.
The  rating  by  S&P  of Party  A's  Group 1     0.6%            1.05%                                      1.5%
long-term unsecured, unsubordinated
obligations  is at least  equal  to
"A+"
                                     Group 2     1.05%           1.75%                                      3.0%
                                     Group 3     1.5%            2.45%                                      4.5%
The  rating by  S&P  of  Party  A's  Group 1     0.9%            1.10%                                      1.9%
long-term unsecured, unsubordinated
obligations is equal to "A"
                                     Group 2     1.35%           2.45%                                      4.5%
                                     Group 3     1.8%            3.15%                                      6.0%
The rating  by  S&P  of  Party  A's  Group 1     1.2%            2.25%                                      4.5%
long-term unsecured, unsubordinated
obligations is less than "A"
                                     Group 2     1.5%            3.15%                                      6.0%
                                     Group 3     2.1%            3.85%                                      7.5%

Group 1 currencies are: Belgian francs,  Deutschemarks,  Dutch guilders, Euro, European Currency Units, French franca, Japanese yen,
Swiss francs and U.S. dollars.

Group 2 currencies are: Australian dollars, British pounds sterling, Canadian dollars, Danish kroner,
New Zealand dollars and Swedish kroner.

Group 3 currencies are: Hong Kong dollars, Italian lire and Spanish pesetas.

</TABLE>

            TABLE B


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
MULTIPLICATION FACTORS FOR CURRENCY SWAPS
<S>                           <C>
U.S. dollars                       1.000
Canadian dollars                   1.020
New Zealand dollars                1.020
Australian dollars                 1.030
Hong Kong dollars                  1.030
Belgian dollars                    1.040
British pounds sterling            1.040
Danish kroner                      1.040
Dutch gilders                      1.040
European Currency Units            1.040
Euro                               1.040
French francs                      1.040
German marks                       1.040
Japanese yen                       1.040
Italian lire                       1.045

<PAGE>


Spanish pesetas                    1.045
Swedish kroner                     1.045
Swiss francs                       1.045
</TABLE>






      (I)   CALCULATIONS.

            Paragraph  3(b)  of  this  Annex  shall be amended by inserting the
            words "and shall provide each party  (or  the  other  party, if the
            Valuation Agent is a party) with a description in reasonable detail
            of  how such calculations were made, upon request" after  the  word
            "calculations" in the third line thereof.

      (VIII)DEMANDS AND NOTICES.

            All demands,  specifications  and  notices under this Annex will be
            made  pursuant  to  Section 12 of this  Agreement,  save  than  any
            demand, specification or notice:

      (IX)  EXPOSURE.

            For the purpose of calculating  "Exposure"  in  Paragraph 10 of the
            Annex,  the  Valuation  Agent  shall,  unless otherwise  agreed  in
            writing by the Rating Agencies, seek two  quotations from Reference
            Market-makers; provided that if 2 Reference  Market-makers  are not
            available  to  provide  a  quotation,  then  fewer than 2 Reference
            Market-makers  may be used for such purpose, and  if  no  Reference
            Market-makers are  available,  then the Valuation Agent's estimates
            at  mid-market  will  be  used. Where  more  than  1  quotation  is
            obtained,  the  quotation  representing   the  greatest  amount  of
            Exposure shall be used by the Valuation Agent.








</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
