<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>chk060204a_exh993.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX TO THE SCHEDULE
<TEXT>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 99.3
                                                                   ------------


                                      ISDA

              International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.

                              CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX

                             to the Schedule to the

                              ISDA MASTER AGREEMENT

                            dated as of May 28, 2004

                                     between

                                DEUTSCHE BANK AG,
                                   ("Party A")

                                       and

                   CHESAPEAKE EXPLORATION LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
                                   ("Party B")

This Credit  Support  Annex  supplements,  forms part of, and is subject to, the
above-referenced  Agreement,  is part of its  Schedule  and is a Credit  Support
Document under this Agreement with respect to each party.

Accordingly, the parties agree as follows:

PARAGRAPH 1.      Interpretation

(a)      DEFINITIONS AND INCONSISTENCY.  Capitalized terms not otherwise defined
         herein or  elsewhere  in this  Agreement  have the  meanings  specified
         pursuant  to  Paragraph  12,  and  all  references  in  this  Annex  to
         Paragraphs  are to  Paragraphs  of  this  Annex.  In the  event  of any
         inconsistency  between  this  Annex  and the other  provisions  of this
         Schedule,   this  Annex  will   prevail,   and  in  the  event  of  any
         inconsistency  between  Paragraph 13 and the other  provisions  of this
         Annex, Paragraph 13 will prevail.

(b)      SECURED PARTY AND PLEDGOR. All references in this Annex to the "Secured
         Party"  will be to either  party when acting in that  capacity  and all
         corresponding  references to the  "Pledgor"  will be to the other party
         when acting in that capacity;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER, that if Other Posted
         Support is held by a party to this Annex, all references herein to that
         party as the Secured  Party with respect to that Other  Posted  Support
         will be to that party as the  beneficiary  thereof and will not subject
         that support or that party as the beneficiary  thereof to provisions of
         law generally relating to security interests and secured parties.

PARAGRAPH 2.      Security Interest

Each party,  as the Pledgor,  hereby pledges to the other party,  as the Secured
Party, as security for its Obligations,  and grants to the Secured Party a first
priority  continuing  security interest in, lien on and right of Set-off against
all Posted Collateral Transferred to or received by the Secured Party hereunder.
Upon the Transfer by the Secured Party to the Pledgor of Posted Collateral,  the
security  interest and lien granted  hereunder on that Posted Collateral will be
released immediately and, to the extent possible,  without any further action by
either party.


<PAGE>

PARAGRAPH 3.      CREDIT SUPPORT OBLIGATIONS

(a)  DELIVERY  AMOUNT.  Subject to Paragraphs 4 and 5, upon a demand made by the
     Secured  Party on or promptly  following a Valuation  Date, if the Delivery
     Amount for that  Valuation  Date  equals or exceeds the  Pledgor's  Minimum
     Transfer  Amount,  then the Pledgor  will  Transfer  to the  Secured  Party
     Eligible  Credit Support having a Value as of the date of Transfer at least
     equal to the applicable Delivery Amount (rounded pursuant to Paragraph 13).
     Unless  otherwise   specified  in  Paragraph  13,  the  "Delivery   Amount"
     applicable to the Pledgor for any  Valuation  Date will equal the amount by
     which:

     (i)  the Credit Support Amount exceeds

     (ii) the Value as of that  Valuation Date of all Posted Credit Support held
          by the Secured Party.

(b)  RETURN  AMOUNT.  Subject to  Paragraphs  4 and 5, upon a demand made by the
     Pledgor on or promptly following a Valuation Date, if the Return Amount for
     that Valuation date equals or exceeds the Secured Party's Minimum  Transfer
     Amount,  then the Secured Party will Transfer to the Pledgor  Posted Credit
     Support  specified  by the Pledgor in that demand  having a Value as of the
     date of Transfer as close as practicable  to the  applicable  Return Amount
     (rounded pursuant to Paragraph 13). Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph
     13, the "RETURN  AMOUNT"  applicable to the Secured Party for any Valuation
     Date will equal the amount by which:

     (i) the Value as of that  Valuation  Date of all Posted Credit Support held
     by the Secured Party exceeds

     (ii) the Credit Support Amount.

     "CREDIT SUPPORT AMOUNT" means,  unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13,
     for any Valuation Date (i) the Secured Party's  Exposure for that Valuation
     Date plus (ii) the aggregate of all Independent  Amounts  applicable to the
     Pledgor,  if any,  minus (iii) all  Independent  Amounts  applicable to the
     Secured  Party,  if any,  minus  (iv) the  Pledgor's  Threshold;  PROVIDED,
     HOWEVER,  that the Credit Support Amount will be deemed to be zero whenever
     the calculation of Credit Support Amount yields a number less than zero.

PARAGRAPH 4.      CONDITIONS PRECEDENT, TRANSFER TIMING, CALCULATIONS AND
                  SUBSTITUTIONS

(a)  CONDITIONS  PRECEDENT.  Each  Transfer  obligation  of  the  Pledgor  under
     Paragraphs 3 and 5 and of the Secured Party under Paragraphs 3, 4(d)(ii), 5
     and 6(d) is subject to the conditions precedent that:

     (i) no Event of Default,  Potential Event of Default or Specified Condition
     has occurred and is continuing with respect to the other party; and

     (ii)  no  Early   Termination  Date  for  which  any  unsatisfied   payment
     obligations exist has occurred or been designated as the result of an Event
     of Default or Specified Condition with respect to the other party.

(b)  TRANSFER  TIMING.  Subject to  Paragraphs  4(a) and 5 and unless  otherwise
     specified,  if a demand for the  Transfer  of  Eligible  Credit  Support or
     Posted Credit Support is made by the  Notification  Time, then the relevant
     Transfer  will be made not  later  than the close of  business  on the next
     Local Business Day; if a demand is made after the  Notification  Time, then
     the relevant  Transfer will be made not later than the close of business on
     the second Local Business Day thereafter.

(c)  CALCULATIONS.  All  calculations  of Value and  Exposure  for  purposes  of
     Paragraphs  3 and  6(d)  will  be  made by the  Valuation  Agent  as of the
     Valuation  Time.  The Valuation  Agent will notify each party (or the other
     party,  if the Valuation  Agent is a party) of its  calculations  not later
     than  the  Notification  Time  on the  Local  Business  Day  following  the
     applicable  Valuation Date (or in the case of Paragraph 6(d), following the
     date of calculation).

(d)  SUBSTITUTIONS.

     (i) Unless otherwise  specified in Paragraph 13, upon notice to the Secured
     Party  specifying the items of Posted Credit  Support to be exchanged,  the
     Pledgor  may, on any Local  Business  Day,  Transfer  to the Secured  Party
     substitute Eligible Credit Support (the "Substitute Credit Support"); and

     (ii)  subject to Paragraph  4(a),  the Secured  Party will  Transfer to the
     Pledgor the items of Posted Credit Support  specified by the Pledgor in its
     notice not later than the Local  Business Day  following  the date on which
     the Secured Party receives the Substitute Credit Support,  unless otherwise
     specified in  Paragraph 13 (the  "Substitution  Date");  provided  that the
     Secured Party will only be obligated to Transfer Posted Credit Support with
     a Value as of the date of Transfer of that Posted  Credit  Support equal to
     the Value as of that date of the Substitute Credit Support.

                                       2
<PAGE>
PARAGRAPH 5.      DISPUTE RESOLUTION

If a party (a "Disputing Party") disputes (I) the Valuation Agent's  calculation
of a Delivery  Amount or a Return  Amount or (II) the Value of any  Transfer  of
Eligible Credit Support or Posted Credit  Support,  then (1) the Disputing Party
will notify the other party and the Valuation  Agent (if the Valuation  Agent is
not the other party) not later than the close of business on the Local  Business
Day following (X) the date that the demand is made under Paragraph 3 in the case
of (I) above or (Y) the date of Transfer in the case of (II) above,  (2) subject
to Paragraph 4(a), the appropriate  party will Transfer the undisputed amount to
the other party not later than the close of business on the Local  Business  Day
following (X) the date that the demand is made under  Paragraph 3 in the case of
(I) above or (Y) the date of Transfer in the case of (II) above, (3) the parties
will  consult  with each other in an attempt to resolve  the  dispute and (4) if
they fail to resolve the dispute by the Resolution Time, then:

     (i) In the case of a dispute  involving a Delivery Amount or Return Amount,
     unless  otherwise  specified  in  Paragraph  13, the  Valuation  Agent will
     recalculate the Exposure and the Value as of the Recalculation Date by:

           (A) utilizing any  calculations  of Exposure for the  Transaction (or
           Swap Transactions) that the parties have agreed are not in dispute;

           (B)   calculating  the  Exposure  for  the   Transactions   (or  Swap
           Transactions)  in  dispute  by  seeking  four  actual  quotations  at
           mid-market from Reference  Market-makers  for purposes of calculating
           Market  Quotation,   and  taking  the  arithmetic  average  of  those
           obtained;  provided that if four  quotations  are not available for a
           particular  Transaction (or Swap  Transaction),  then fewer than four
           quotations may be used for that  Transaction  (or Swap  Transaction),
           and if no quotations are available for a particular  Transaction  (or
           Swap Transaction),  then the Valuation Agent's original  calculations
           will be used for that Transaction (or Swap Transaction); and

           (C)   utilizing  the   procedures   specified  in  Paragraph  13  for
           calculating the Value, if disputed, of Posted Credit Support.

     (ii) In the  case of a  dispute  involving  the  Value of any  Transfer  of
     Eligible Credit Support or Posted Credit Support,  the Valuation Agent will
     recalculate the Value as of the date of Transfer pursuant to Paragraph 13.

Following a recalculation  pursuant to this Paragraph,  the Valuation Agent will
notify each party (or the other party,  if the  Valuation  Agent is a party) not
later  than the  Notification  Time on the  Local  Business  Day  following  the
Resolution  Time. The appropriate  party will, upon demand following that notice
by the  Valuation  Agent or a  resolution  pursuant  to (3) above and subject to
Paragraphs 4(a) and 4(b), make the appropriate Transfer.

PARAGRAPH 6.      HOLDING AND USING POSTED COLLATERAL

(a)  CARE OF POSTED  COLLATERAL.  Without  limiting the Secured  Party's  rights
     under  Paragraph  6(c), the Secured Party will exercise  reasonable care to
     assure the safe custody of all Posted  Collateral to the extent required by
     applicable  law, and in any event the Secured  Party will be deemed to have
     exercised  reasonable care if it exercises at least the same degree of care
     as it would exercise with respect to its own property.  Except as specified
     in the preceding sentence, the Secured Party will have no duty with respect
     to Posted Collateral,  including,  without limitation,  any duty to collect
     any Distributions, or enforce or preserve any rights pertaining thereto.

(b)  ELIGIBILITY TO HOLD POSTED COLLATERAL; CUSTODIANS.

     (i) GENERAL.  Subject to the  satisfaction  of any conditions  specified in
     Paragraph  13 for holding  Posted  Collateral,  the  Secured  Party will be
     entitled to hold Posted  Collateral or to appoint an agent (a  "Custodian")
     to hold Posted Collateral for the Secured Party. Upon notice by the Secured
     Party to the  Pledgor of the  appointment  of a  Custodian,  the  Pledgor's
     obligations  to make any Transfer will be discharged by making the Transfer
     to that Custodian.  The holding of Posted Collateral by a Custodian will be
     deemed to be the holding of that Posted Collateral by the Secured Party for
     which the Custodian is acting.

     (ii) FAILURE TO SATISFY  CONDITIONS.  If the Secured Party or its Custodian
     fails to satisfy any conditions for holding Posted Collateral,  then upon a
     demand made by the  Pledgor,  the Secured  Party will,  not later than five
     Local  Business  Days after the demand,  Transfer or cause its Custodian to
     Transfer all Posted  Collateral  held by it to a Custodian  that  satisfies
     those conditions or to the Secured Party if it satisfies those conditions.

                                       3
<PAGE>
     (iii) LIABILITY. The Secured Party will be liable for the acts or omissions
     of its  Custodian to the same extent that the Secured Party would be liable
     hereunder for its own acts or omissions.

(c)  USE OF POSTED  COLLATERAL.  Unless otherwise  specified in Paragraph 13 and
     without limiting the rights and obligations of the parties under Paragraphs
     3, 4(d)(ii),  5, 6(d) and 8, if the Secured Party is not a Defaulting Party
     or an Affected  Party with  respect to a Specified  Condition  and no Early
     Termination  Date has occurred or been designated as the result of an Event
     of Default or Specified  Condition with respect to the Secured Party,  then
     the  Secured  Party  will,  notwithstanding  Section  9-207 of the New York
     Uniform Commercial Code, have the right to:

     (i)  sell,  pledge,  rehypothecate,   assign,  invest,  use,  commingle  or
     otherwise  dispose  of,  or  otherwise  use  in  its  business  any  Posted
     Collateral it holds,  free from any claim or right of any nature whatsoever
     of the Pledgor, including any equity or right of redemption by the Pledgor;
     and

     (ii) register any Posted  Collateral in the name of the Secured Party,  its
     Custodian or a nominee for either.

For purposes of the  obligation to Transfer  Eligible  Credit  Support or Posted
Credit  Support  pursuant  to  Paragraphs  3 and 5 and any  rights  or  remedies
authorized under this Agreement, the Secured Party will be deemed to continue to
hold all Posted Collateral and to receive Distributions made thereon, regardless
of whether the Secured Party has exercised any rights with respect to any Posted
Collateral pursuant to (i) or (ii) above.

(d)  DISTRIBUTIONS AND INTEREST AMOUNT.

     (i) DISTRIBUTIONS. Subject to Paragraph 4(a), if the Secured Party receives
     or is deemed to receive  Distributions  on a Local  Business  Day,  it will
     Transfer to the Pledgor not later than the following Local Business Day any
     Distributions  it  receives  or is deemed to receive  to the extent  that a
     Delivery  Amount  would not be created or increased  by that  Transfer,  as
     calculated  by the  Valuation  Agent (and the date of  calculation  will be
     deemed to be a Valuation Date for this purpose).

     (ii)  INTEREST  AMOUNT.  Unless  otherwise  specified  in  Paragraph 13 and
     subject to  Paragraph  4(a),  in lieu of any  interest,  dividends or other
     amounts paid or deemed to have been paid with respect to Posted  Collateral
     in the form of Cash (all of which may be retained  by the  Secured  Party),
     the Secured  Party will  Transfer to the Pledgor at the times  specified in
     Paragraph 13 the Interest Amount to the extent that a Delivery Amount would
     not be  created  or  increased  by  that  Transfer,  as  calculated  by the
     Valuation  Agent  (and  the  date of  calculation  will be  deemed  to be a
     Valuation Date for this purpose).  The Interest  Amount or portion  thereof
     not  Transferred   pursuant  to  this  Paragraph  will  constitute   Posted
     Collateral in the form of Cash and will be subject to the security interest
     granted under Paragraph 2.

PARAGRAPH 7.      EVENTS OF DEFAULT

For purposes of Section 5(a)(iii)(l) of this Agreement, an Event of Default will
exist with respect to a party if:

     (i) that party fails (or fails to cause its  Custodian) to make,  when due,
     any  Transfer of Eligible  Collateral,  Posted  Collateral  or the Interest
     Amount, as applicable, required to be made by it and that failure continues
     for two Local  Business  Days after notice of that failure is given to that
     party;

     (ii)  that  party  fails to  comply  with any  restriction  or  prohibition
     specified  in this Annex with  respect  to any of the rights  specified  in
     Paragraph  6(c) and that failure  continues  for five Local  Business  Days
     after notice of that failure is given to that party; or

     (iii)  that  party  fails  to  comply  with or  perform  any  agreement  or
     obligation other than those specified in Paragraphs 7(i) and 7(ii) and that
     failure continues for 30 days after notice of that failure is given to that
     party.

                                       4
<PAGE>
PARAGRAPH 8.      CERTAIN RIGHTS AND REMEDIES

(a)  SECURED PARTY'S RIGHTS AND REMEDIES. If at any time (1) an Event of Default
     or  Specified  Condition  with  respect to the Pledgor has  occurred and is
     continuing or (2) an Early Termination Date has occurred or been designated
     as the result of an Event of Default or Specified Condition with respect to
     the  Pledgor,  then,  unless  the  Pledgor  has  paid  in  full  all of its
     Obligations  that are then due, the Secured  Party may exercise one or more
     of the following rights and remedies:

     (i) all rights and remedies  available to a secured party under  applicable
     law with respect to Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party;

     (ii) any other rights and remedies available to the Secured Party under the
     terms of Other Posted Support, if any;

     (iii) the right to Set-off any amounts  payable by the Pledgor with respect
     to any Obligations  against any Posted Collateral or the Cash equivalent of
     any Posted  Collateral  held by the Secured Party (or any obligation of the
     Secured Party to Transfer that Posted Collateral); and

     (iv) the right to liquidate any Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party
     through one or more public or private sales or other dispositions with such
     notice,  if any, as may be required  under  applicable  law,  free from any
     claim or right of any  nature  whatsoever  of the  Pledgor,  including  any
     equity or right of redemption by the Pledgor (with the Secured Party having
     the right to purchase any or all of the Posted  Collateral  to be sold) and
     to apply the proceeds (or the Cash equivalent thereof) from the liquidation
     of the Posted Collateral to any amounts payable by the Pledgor with respect
     to any obligations in that order as the Secured Party may elect.

Each  party  acknowledges  and  agrees  that  Posted  Collateral  in the form of
securities may decline  speedily in value and is of a type customarily sold on a
recognized market, and, accordingly, the Pledgor is not entitled to prior notice
of any sale of that Posted  Collateral by the Secured  Party,  except any notice
that is required under the applicable law and cannot be waived.

(b)  PLEDGOR'S RIGHTS AND REMEDIES. If at any time an Early Termination Date has
     occurred  or been  designated  as the  result  of an  Event of  Default  or
     Specified  Condition with respect to the Secured Party, then (except in the
     case of an Early  Termination  Date relating to less than all  Transactions
     (or Swap Transactions)  where the Secured Party has paid in full all of its
     obligations that are then under Section 6(e) of this Agreement):

     (i) the Pledgor may exercise all rights and remedies available to a pledgor
     under applicable law with respect to Posted  Collateral held by the Secured
     Party;

     (ii) the Pledgor may exercise  any other  rights and remedies  available to
     the Pledgor under the terms of Other Posted Support, if any;

     (iii) the Secured  Party will be  obligated  immediately  to  Transfer  all
     Posted Collateral and the Interest Amount to the Pledgor; and

     (iv) to the extent that Posted  Collateral or the Interest Amount is not so
     Transferred pursuant to (iii) above, the Pledgor may:

           (A) Set-off any amounts  payable by the Pledgor  with  respect to any
           Obligations  against any Posted  Collateral or the Cash equivalent of
           any Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party (or any obligation of
           the Secured Party to Transfer that Posted Collateral); and

           (B) to the extent that the Pledgor  does not  Set-off  under  (iv)(A)
           above,  withhold  payment  of any  remaining  amounts  payable by the
           Pledgor  with  respect  to any  Obligations,  up to the  Value of any
           remaining  Posted  Collateral  held by the Secured Party,  until that
           Posted Collateral is Transferred to the Pledgor.

(c)  DEFICIENCIES  AND EXCESS  PROCEEDS.  The Secured Party will Transfer to the
     Pledgor any proceeds and Posted Credit Support remaining after liquidation,
     Set-off  and/or   application   under   Paragraphs   8(a)  and  8(b)  after
     satisfaction  in full of all amounts payable by the Pledgor with respect to
     any  Obligations;  the  Pledgor in all events  will  remain  liable for any
     amounts remaining unpaid after any liquidation,  Set-off and/or application
     under Paragraphs 8(a) and 8(b).

(d)  FINAL RETURNS.  When no amounts are or thereafter may become payable by the
     Pledgor with respect to any Obligations (except for any potential liability
     under Section 2(d) of this  Agreement),  the Secured Party will Transfer to
     the Pledgor all Posted Credit Support and the Interest Amount, if any.

                                       5
<PAGE>
PARAGRAPH 9.      REPRESENTATIONS

Each party represents to the other party (which  representations  will be deemed
to be repeated as of each date on which it, as the Pledgor,  Transfers  Eligible
Collateral) that:

     (i) it has the  power  to  grant a  security  interest  in and  lien on any
     Eligible Collateral it Transfers as the Pledgor and has taken all necessary
     actions to authorize the granting of that security interest and lien;

     (ii) it is the sole owner of or  otherwise  has the right to  Transfer  all
     Eligible  Collateral it Transfers to the Secured Party hereunder,  free and
     clear of any security  interest,  lien,  encumbrance or other  restrictions
     other than the security interest and lien granted under Paragraph 2;

     (iii) upon the Transfer of any  Eligible  Collateral  to the Secured  Party
     under the terms of this  Annex,  the  Secured  Party  will have a valid and
     perfected  first  priority  security  interest  therein  (assuming that any
     central clearing corporation or any third-party  financial  intermediary or
     other entity not within the control of the Pledgor involved in the Transfer
     of that Eligible Collateral gives the notices and takes the action required
     of it under applicable law for perfection of that interest); and

     (iv) the  performance  by it of its  obligations  under this Annex will not
     result in the creation of any security interest, lien or other encumbrances
     on any Posted  Collateral other than the security interest and lien granted
     under Paragraph 2.

PARAGRAPH 10.     EXPENSES

(a)  GENERAL.  Except as otherwise  provided in Paragraphs 10(b) and 10(c), each
     party will pay its own costs and expenses in connection with performing its
     obligations under this Annex and neither party will be liable for any costs
     and expenses incurred by the other party in connection herewith.

(b)  POSTED  CREDIT  SUPPORT.  The Pledgor will promptly pay when due all taxes,
     assessments  or charges  of any nature  that are  imposed  with  respect to
     Posted Credit  Support held by the Secured Party upon becoming aware of the
     same,  regardless of whether any portion of that Posted  Credit  Support is
     subsequently  disposed of under  Paragraph  6(c),  except for those  taxes,
     assessments  and  charges  that  result  from the  exercise  of the Secured
     Party's rights under Paragraph 6(c).

(c)  LIQUIDATION/APPLICATION  OF POSTED CREDIT SUPPORT. All reasonable costs and
     expenses  incurred by or on behalf of the  Secured  Party or the Pledgor in
     connection  with the  liquidation  and/or  application of any Posted Credit
     Support  under  Paragraph 8 will be payable,  on demand and pursuant to the
     Expenses Section of this Agreement, by the Defaulting Party or, if there is
     no Defaulting Party, equally by the parties.

PARAGRAPH 11.     MISCELLANEOUS

(a)  DEFAULT  INTEREST.  A Secured  Party  that  fails to make,  when  due,  any
     Transfer of Posted  Collateral or the Interest  Amount will be obligated to
     pay the Pledgor (to the extent  permitted  under  applicable law) an amount
     equal to interest at the Default Rate  multiplied by the Value of the items
     of property that were required to be Transferred,  from (and including) the
     date  that  Posted  Collateral  or  Interest  Amount  was  required  to  be
     Transferred  to (but  excluding)  the  date  of  Transfer  of  that  Posted
     Collateral  or Interest  Amount.  This  Interest  will be calculated on the
     basis of daily compounding and the actual number of days elapsed.

(b)  FURTHER ASSURANCES.  Promptly following a demand made by a party, the other
     party will  execute,  deliver,  file and record  any  financing  statement,
     specific assignment or other document and take any other action that may be
     necessary or desirable  and  reasonably  requested by that party to create,
     preserve,  perfect or validate any security  interest or lien granted under
     Paragraph  2, to enable that party to exercise or enforce its rights  under
     this Annex with respect to Posted Credit  Support or an Interest  Amount or
     to effect or document a release of a security interest on Posted Collateral
     or an Interest Amount.

(c)  FURTHER  PROTECTION.  The Pledgor will  promptly give notice to the Secured
     Party of, and defend  against,  any suit,  action,  proceeding or lien that
     involves  Posted Credit  Support  Transferred  by the Pledgor or that could
     adversely  affect  the  security  interest  and  lien  granted  by it under
     Paragraph 2, unless that suit, action,  proceeding or lien results from the
     exercise of the Secured Party's rights under Paragraph 6(c).

                                       6
<PAGE>
(d)  GOOD  FAITH  AND  COMMERCIALLY   REASONABLE  MANNER.   Performance  of  all
     obligations  under  this  Annex,   including,   but  not  limited  to,  all
     calculations,  valuations and determinations  made by either party, will be
     made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.

(e)  DEMANDS AND  NOTICES.  All  demands and notices  made by a party under this
     Annex will be made as specified in the Notices  Section of this  Agreement,
     except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 13.

(f)  SPECIFICATIONS  OF CERTAIN MATTERS.  Anything  referred to in this Annex as
     being  specified  in  Paragraph  13 also  may be  specified  in one or more
     Confirmations   or  other  documents  and  this  Annex  will  be  construed
     accordingly.

PARAGRAPH 12.     DEFINITIONS

As used in this Annex: -

"CASH" means the lawful currency of the United States of America.

"CREDIT SUPPORT AMOUNT" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3.

"CUSTODIAN" has the meaning specified in Paragraphs 6(b)(i) and 13.

"DELIVERY AMOUNT" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(a).

"DISPUTING PARTY" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 5.

"DISTRIBUTIONS"  means with respect to Posted  Collateral  other than Cash,  all
principal,  interest  and  other  payments  and  distributions  of cash or other
property  with  respect  thereto,  regardless  of whether the Secured  Party has
disposed of that Posted Collateral under Paragraph 6(c).  Distributions will not
include any item of property  acquired by the Secured Party upon any disposition
or liquidation of Posted Collateral or, with respect to any Posted Collateral in
the  form of  Cash,  any  distributions  on that  collateral,  unless  otherwise
specified herein.

"ELIGIBLE  COLLATERAL"  means,  with  respect  to a party,  the  items,  if any,
specified as such for that party in Paragraph 13.

"ELIGIBLE CREDIT SUPPORT" means Eligible Collateral and Other Eligible Support.

"EXPOSURE"  means for any  Valuation  Date or other date for which  Exposure  is
calculated and subject to Paragraph 5 in the case of a dispute,  the amount,  if
any,  that would be payable  to a party that is the  Secured  Party by the other
party  (expressed as a positive  number) or by a party that is the Secured Party
to the  other  party  (expressed  as a  negative  number)  pursuant  to  Section
6(e)(ii)(2)(A)  of this Agreement as if all Transactions (or Swap  Transactions)
were being  terminated as of the relevant  Valuation Time:  provided that Market
Quotation  will be  determined  by the  Valuation  Agent using its  estimates at
mid-market of the amounts that would be paid for  Replacement  Transactions  (as
that term is defined in the definition of "Market Quotation").

"INDEPENDENT  AMOUNT" means,  with respect to a party,  the amount  specified as
such for that party in Paragraph 13; if no amount is specified, zero.

"INTEREST AMOUNT" means,  with respect to an Interest Period,  the aggregate sum
of the amounts of interest  calculated  for each day in that Interest  Period on
the  principal  amount  of  Posted  Collateral  in the form of Cash  held by the
Secured Party on that day,  determined by the Secured Party for each such day as
follows:

     (x) the amount of that Cash on that day; multiplied by

     (y) the Interest Rate in effect for that day; divided by

     (z) 365.

"INTEREST  PERIOD" means the period from (and including) the last Local Business
Day on which an Interest Amount was  Transferred  (or, if no Interest Amount has
yet been  Transferred,  the Local Business Day on which Posted Collateral in the
form of Cash was  Transferred  to or  received  by the  Secured  Party)  to (but
excluding) the Local Business Day on which the current  Interest Amount is to be
Transferred.

"INTEREST RATE" means the rate specified in Paragraph 13.

"LOCAL BUSINESS DAY" unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, has the meaning
specified in the Definitions  Section of this Agreement,  except that references
to a payment in clause (c)  thereof  will be deemed to include a Transfer  under
this Annex.

                                       7
<PAGE>
"MINIMUM  TRANSFER AMOUNT" means,  with respect to a party, the amount specified
as such for that party in Paragraph 13; if no amount is specified, zero.

"NOTIFICATION TIME" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13.

"OBLIGATIONS" means, with respect to a party, all present and future obligations
of that party under this Agreement and any additional  obligations specified for
that party in Paragraph 13.

"OTHER  ELIGIBLE  SUPPORT"  means,  with respect to a party,  the items, if any,
specified as such for that party in Paragraph 13.

"OTHER POSTED  SUPPORT"  means all Other  Eligible  Support  Transferred  to the
Secured Party that remains in effect for the benefit of that Secured Party.

"PLEDGOR"  means either  party,  when that party (i) receives a demand for or is
required to Transfer  Eligible  Credit Support under  Paragraph 3(a) or (ii) has
Transferred Eligible Credit Support under Paragraph 3(a).

"POSTED   COLLATERAL"   means   all   Eligible   Collateral,   other   property,
Distributions,  and all  proceeds  thereof  that  have  been  Transferred  to or
received  by the  Secured  Party  under  this Annex and not  Transferred  to the
Pledgor  pursuant  to  Paragraph  3(b),  4(d)(ii)  or 6(d)(i) or released by the
Secured  Party under  Paragraph  8. Any Interest  Amount or portion  thereof not
Transferred  pursuant to Paragraph 6(d)(ii) will constitute Posted Collateral in
the form of Cash.

"POSTED CREDIT SUPPORT" means Posted Collateral and Other Posted Support.

"RECALCULATION  DATE"  means the  Valuation  Date that gives rise to the dispute
under Paragraph 5; PROVIDED, however, that if a subsequent Valuation Date occurs
under   Paragraph  3  prior  to  the   resolution  of  the  dispute,   then  the
"Recalculation Date" means the most recent Valuation Date under Paragraph 3.

"RESOLUTION TIME" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13.

"RETURN AMOUNT" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(b).
"SECURED PARTY" means either party, when that party (i) makes a demand for or is
entitled to receive  Eligible  Credit Support under Paragraph 3(a) or (ii) holds
or is deemed to hold Posted Credit Support.

"SPECIFIED  CONDITION"  means,  with respect to a party,  any event specified as
such for that party in Paragraph 13.

"SUBSTITUTE CREDIT SUPPORT" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(d)(i).

"SUBSTITUTION DATE" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(d)(ii).

"THRESHOLD"  means,  with respect to a party,  the amount  specified as such for
that party in Paragraph 13; if no amount is specified, zero.

"TRANSFER"  means,  with respect to any Eligible Credit  Support,  Posted Credit
Support  or  Interest  Amount and in  accordance  with the  instructions  of the
Secured Party, Pledgor or Custodian, as applicable:

     (i) in the case of Cash,  payment or delivery by wire  transfer into one or
     more bank accounts specified by the recipient;

     (ii)  in the  case  of  certificated  securities  that  cannot  be  paid or
     delivered by book-entry,  payment or delivery in appropriate  physical form
     to  the  recipient  or  its  account   accompanied  by  any  duly  executed
     instruments of transfer,  assignments in blank, transfer tax stamps and any
     other  documents  necessary to constitute a legally  valid  transfer to the
     recipient;

     (iii)  in  the  case  of  securities  that  can be  paid  or  delivered  by
     book-entry,  the giving of written  instructions to the relevant depository
     institution  or other entity  specified by the  recipient,  together with a
     written  copy  thereof to the  recipient,  sufficient  if complied  with to
     result in a legally  effective  transfer  of the  relevant  interest to the
     recipient; and

     (iv) in the case of Other  Eligible  Support or Other  Posted  Support,  as
     specified in Paragraph 13.

                                       8
<PAGE>
"VALUATION AGENT" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13.

"VALUATION DATE" means each date specified in or otherwise  determined  pursuant
to Paragraph 13.

"VALUATION  PERCENTAGE"  means,  for  any  item  of  Eligible  Collateral,   the
percentage specified in Paragraph 13.

"VALUATION TIME" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13.

"VALUE" means for any Valuation Date or other date for which Value is calculated
and subject to Paragraph 5 in the case of a dispute, with respect to:

     (i) Eligible Collateral or Posted Collateral that is:

           (A) Cash, the amount thereof; and

           (B) a  security,  the  bid  price  obtained  by the  Valuation  Agent
           multiplied by the applicable Valuation Percentage, if any;

     (ii) Posted  Collateral  that  consists of items that are not  specified as
     Eligible Collateral, zero; and

     (iii) Other  Eligible  Support and Other  Posted  Support,  as specified in
     Paragraph 13.

PARAGRAPH 13.     ELECTIONS AND VARIABLES

As used in this  Paragraph  13,  "PART 6" means Part 6 of the  Schedule  to this
Agreement.

(a)      SECURITY INTEREST FOR "OBLIGATIONS".  The term "OBLIGATIONS" as used in
         this Annex includes the following additional obligations:

         (i)      with respect to Party A, not applicable; and

         (ii)     with  respect  to Party  B,  "Obligations"  means  any and all
                  present  and  future  obligations  of  Party  B  under  or  in
                  connection  with this Agreement and the other Secured  Trading
                  Line Documents.

(b)      CREDIT SUPPORT OBLIGATIONS.

         (i)      This Annex is amended  to delete  the  definition  of (and all
                  references to) "Credit Support Amount" therein.  This Annex is
                  further  amended by  restating  Paragraph 3 thereof to read in
                  its entirety as follows:

                  "PARAGRAPH 3.     CREDIT SUPPORT OBLIGATIONS

                  (a)      DELIVERY AMOUNT.

                           (1)  WITH  RESPECT  TO TEMPORARY RESERVE  COLLATERAL.
                                -----------------------------------------------
                                Subject  to  Paragraphs  4 and 5,  upon a demand
                                made  by  Party  A on or  promptly  following  a
                                Calculation  Date, if the Cash Deficiency Amount
                                for  such  Calculation  Date  specified  in  the
                                related   Calculation  Date  Collateral   Notice
                                delivered  pursuant  to clause  (j)(3) of Part 6
                                equals or  exceeds  Party B's  Minimum  Transfer
                                Amount,  then Party B will  Transfer  to Party A
                                Eligible  Collateral or Other  Eligible  Support
                                (collectively, "ELIGIBLE CREDIT SUPPORT") having
                                a Value  as of the  date of  Transfer  at  least
                                equal to such Cash  Deficiency  Amount (for such
                                purposes, a "DELIVERY AMOUNT"), rounded pursuant
                                to Paragraph 13.

                           (2)  WITH RESPECT TO INTRA-YEAR  COLLATERAL.  Subject
                                ------------------------------------------------
                                to  Paragraphs  4 and 5,  upon a demand  made by
                                Party A on or promptly  following an  Intra-Year
                                Deficiency  Date, Party B will Transfer to Party
                                A Eligible  Credit  Support having a Value as of
                                the  date of  Transfer  at  least  equal  to the
                                Intra-Year  Deficiency  Amount  specified in the
                                notice  relating to such  Intra-Year  Deficiency
                                Date delivered to Party B pursuant to clause (k)
                                of  Part  6  (for  such  purposes,  a  "DELIVERY
                                AMOUNT"),  rounded pursuant to Paragraph 13.

                                       9
<PAGE>
                  (b)      RETURN AMOUNT.

                           (1)  WITH  RESPECT TO TEMPORARY  RESERVE  COLLATERAL.
                                ------------------------------------------------
                                Subject  to  Paragraphs  4 and 5,  upon a demand
                                made by Party B on or promptly following a Local
                                Business  Day  on  which   Eligible   Properties
                                pledged to Party A pursuant to clause  (j)(3)(B)
                                of Part 6 become Qualified Mortgaged  Properties
                                (each, a "MORTGAGE  QUALIFICATION DATE"), if the
                                Forward  Value  of  such   Qualified   Mortgaged
                                Properties   DIVIDED  BY  the  Minimum   Reserve
                                Collateral  Ratio (for such purposes,  a "RETURN
                                AMOUNT")  equals or  exceeds  Party A's  Minimum
                                Transfer  Amount,  then Party A will Transfer to
                                Party B Posted Credit Support specified by Party
                                B in  that  demand  that  is  Temporary  Reserve
                                Collateral  having  a  Value  as of the  date of
                                Transfer as close as  practicable to such Return
                                Amount (rounded pursuant to Paragraph 13).

                           (2)  WITH RESPECT TO INTRA-YEAR  COLLATERAL.  Subject
                                ------------------------------------------------
                                to  Paragraphs  4 and 5,  upon a demand  made by
                                Party  B  on  or  promptly   following  a  Local
                                Business  Day, if the  Intra-Year  Excess Amount
                                (for such purposes, a "RETURN AMOUNT") equals or
                                exceeds Party A's Minimum Transfer Amount,  then
                                Party A will  Transfer to Party B Posted  Credit
                                Support specified by Party B in that demand that
                                is  Intra-Year  Collateral  having a Value as of
                                the date of Transfer as close as  practicable to
                                such   Return   Amount   (rounded   pursuant  to
                                Paragraph 13)."

         (ii)     ELIGIBLE COLLATERAL.  The following items  will qualify  as
                  "ELIGIBLE COLLATERAL":

                           Cash

         (iii)    OTHER  ELIGIBLE  SUPPORT.  The  following  items will qualify
                  as "OTHER ELIGIBLE SUPPORT":

                           Letters  of Credit  issued in favor of Party A on the
                           terms set forth in Part 6 and this Annex.

         (iv)     THRESHOLDS.

                  (A)      "INDEPENDENT AMOUNT" means:  Inapplicable

                  (B)      "THRESHOLD" means:  Inapplicable

                  (C)      "MINIMUM TRANSFER AMOUNT" means:

                           (1)  with respect to Party A, U.S.$250,000;  PROVIDED
                                that the  Minimum  Transfer  Amount  for Party A
                                shall be zero upon the occurrence and during the
                                continuance  of an Event of  Default,  Potential
                                Event of Default,  Termination Event, Additional
                                Termination  Event or Specified  Condition  with
                                respect to such party; and

                           (2)  with respect to Party B, U.S.$250,000;  PROVIDED
                                that the  Minimum  Transfer  Amount  for Party B
                                shall be zero upon the occurrence and during the
                                continuance  of an Event of  Default,  Potential
                                Event of Default,  Termination Event, Additional
                                Termination  Event or Specified  Condition  with
                                respect to such party.

                  (D)      ROUNDING.  The  Delivery  Amounts and Return  Amounts
                           will  be  rounded  up and  down  respectively  to the
                           nearest integral multiple of U.S.$10,000.

                                       10
<PAGE>
(c)      VALUATION AND TIMING.

         (i)      "VALUATION AGENT" means the Calculation Agent.

         (ii)     "VALUATION DATE" means:

                  (1)      for purposes of Paragraph 3(a) (Delivery Amounts):

                           (x)   for   Temporary   Reserve   Collateral,    each
                                 Calculation Date; and

                           (y)  for  Intra-Year   Collateral,   each  Intra-Year
                                Determination Date; and

                  (2)      for purposes of Paragraph 3(b) (Return Amounts):

                           (x) for Temporary Reserve  Collateral,  each Mortgage
                               Qualification Date; and

                           (y) for  Intra-Year  Collateral,  each Local Business
                               Day.

         (iii)    "VALUE" has the meaning given to it in the Agreement.

         (iv)     "VALUATION  TIME"  means  the close of  business  on the Local
                  Business Day before the Valuation Date or date of calculation,
                  as  applicable,  PROVIDED that the  calculations  of Value and
                  Delivery  Amount or Return Amount (as the case may be) will be
                  made as of approximately the same time on the same date.

         (v)      "NOTIFICATION TIME" means 1:00 p.m., New York time, on a Local
                  Business Day.

         (vi)     TRANSFER TIMING.  Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary in
                  this Annex  (including  Paragraph 3(b) or Paragraph 4(b)), the
                  Secured  Party  shall  not be  obligated  to  Transfer  to the
                  Pledgor  Posted Credit  Support except on the dates and in the
                  amounts required pursuant to the terms of Part 6.

         (vii)    CALCULATIONS. Paragraph 4(c) of this Annex is restated to read
                  in its entirety as follows:

                  "All  calculations of Delivery  Amounts and Return Amounts for
                  purposes of Intra-Year  Collateral  and Paragraph 6(d) will be
                  made by the  Valuation  Agent as of the  Valuation  Time.  The
                  Valuation Agent will notify each party (or the other party, if
                  the Valuation Agent is a party) of its  calculations not later
                  than the Notification Time on the Local Business Day following
                  the  applicable  Valuation  Date (or in the case of  Paragraph
                  6(d), following the date of calculation).

(d)      CONDITIONS  PRECEDENT AND SECURED  PARTY'S  RIGHTS AND  REMEDIES.  Each
         Termination  Event  specified  below with  respect to a party will be a
         "SPECIFIED  CONDITION"  for that party (the  specified  party being the
         Affected Party if a Termination  Event or Additional  Termination Event
         occurs with respect to that party):

                                                    PARTY A      PARTY B
         Illegality                                 [X]          [X]
         Force Majeure Event                        [X]          [X]
         Tax Event                                  [ ]          [ ]
         Tax Event Upon Merger                      [ ]          [ ]
         Credit Event Upon Merger                   [X]          [X]

(e)      SUBSTITUTION.

         (i)      "SUBSTITUTION  DATE" has the meaning  specified  in  Paragraph
                  4(d)(ii).

         (ii)     ADDITIONAL SUBSTITUTION  CONDITIONS.  In addition to any other
                  conditions  regarding  substitutions  of Posted Credit Support
                  for other  Eligible  Credit  Support  set forth in this Annex,
                  substitutions  of  collateral  are  subject  to the  terms and
                  conditions set forth in Part 6.

                                       11
<PAGE>
(f)      DISPUTE RESOLUTION.

         (i)      "RESOLUTION TIME" means 1:00 p.m., New York time, on the Local
                  Business Day  following  the date on which the notice is given
                  that gives rise to a dispute under Paragraph 5.

         (ii)     VALUE. For the purpose of Paragraph 5(ii), the Value of Posted
                  Credit  Support  will be  calculated  in  accordance  with the
                  requirements of Part 6.

         (iii)    ALTERNATIVE.  The provisions of Paragraph 5 will apply, except
                  to the following extent:

                  (A)      pending the resolution of a dispute,  Transfer of the
                           undisputed Value of Eligible Credit Support or Posted
                           Credit Support  involved in the relevant  demand will
                           be due as  provided  in  Paragraph 5 if the demand is
                           given by the  Notification  Time,  but will be due on
                           the second Local Business Day after the demand if the
                           demand is given after the Notification Time; and

                  (B)      the   Disputing   Party  need  not  comply  with  the
                           provisions of Paragraph  5(II)(2) if the amount to be
                           Transferred  does not  exceed the  Disputing  Party's
                           Minimum Transfer Amount.

         (iv)     AMENDMENT.  Paragraphs 5(i) and (ii) of this Annex are amended
                  to read in their entirety as follows:

                  "(i)     In the case of a dispute  involving a Delivery Amount
                           or Return  Amount  that is  dependent  in whole or in
                           part  upon  a   determination   of  the  Natural  Gas
                           Mark-to-Market  Amount for any Valuation Date, unless
                           otherwise  specified in Paragraph  13, the  Valuation
                           Agent will recalculate the Natural Gas Mark-to-Market
                           Amount and the Value as of the Recalculation Date by:

                           (A)      utilizing  any  calculations  of Natural Gas
                                    Mark-to-Market  Amount for the  Transactions
                                    that  the  parties  have  agreed  are not in
                                    dispute; and

                           (B)      calculating  that  part of the  Natural  Gas
                                    Mark-to-Market  Amount  attributable  to the
                                    Transactions  in  dispute  by  seeking  four
                                    actual  quotations at mid-market  from third
                                    parties  for  purposes  of  calculating  the
                                    relevant  Close-out  Amount,  and taking the
                                    arithmetic   average   of  those   obtained;
                                    PROVIDED  that  if four  quotations  are not
                                    available for a particular Transaction, then
                                    fewer than four  quotations  may be used for
                                    that  Transaction,  and if no quotations are
                                    available for a particular Transaction, then
                                    the Valuation Agent's original  calculations
                                    will be used for the Transaction.

                  (ii)     In the case of a dispute  involving  the Value of any
                           Transfer of Eligible  Credit Support or Posted Credit
                           Support,  the Valuation  Agent will  recalculate  the
                           Value as of the date of Transfer pursuant to Part 6."

      (g)      HOLDING AND USING POSTED COLLATERAL.

         (i)      ELIGIBILITY TO HOLD POSTED COLLATERAL; CUSTODIANS. Party A and
                  its  Custodian  will be  entitled  to hold  Posted  Collateral
                  pursuant  to  Paragraph  6(b);  PROVIDED  that  the  following
                  conditions applicable to it are satisfied:

                  (A)      Party A is not a Defaulting Party.

                  (B)      Posted  Collateral may be  held only in the following
                           jurisdictions: New York.

                  Initially,  the Custodian for Party A is Deutsche Bank AG, New
                  York Branch.

         (ii)     USE OF POSTED  COLLATERAL.  The  provisions of Paragraph  6(c)
                  will  apply  to  Party A, but  only  with  respect  to  Posted
                  Collateral that is Cash.

                                 12
<PAGE>
(h)      DISTRIBUTIONS AND INTEREST AMOUNT.

         (i)      INTEREST  RATE.  The "INTEREST  RATE" will be, with respect to
                  Eligible Collateral in the form of Cash, for any day, the rate
                  opposite the caption "Federal Funds  (Effective)" for such day
                  as  published  for such  day in  Federal  Reserve  Publication
                  H.15(519)  or any  successor  publication  as published by the
                  Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.  No Interest
                  Rate will apply to any other Eligible Collateral.

         (ii)     TRANSFER  OF INTEREST  AMOUNT.  The  Transfer of the  Interest
                  Amount  will be made on the first Local  Business  Day of each
                  calendar  month  and on any  Local  Business  Day that  Posted
                  Collateral in the form of Cash is  Transferred  to the Pledgor
                  pursuant to Paragraph 3(b).

         (iii)    ALTERNATIVE  TO INTEREST  AMOUNT.  The provisions of Paragraph
                  6(d)(ii) will apply.

(i)      OTHER ELIGIBLE SUPPORT AND OTHER POSTED SUPPORT.

         (i)      "VALUE"  with  respect  to Other  Eligible  Support  and Other
                  Posted  Support  shall be the "Value"  thereof  determined  in
                  accordance with the definition of such term in Part 6.

         (ii)     "TRANSFER" means, with respect to Letters of Credit:

                  (1)      for purposes of Paragraph  3(a)  (Delivery  Amounts),
                           delivery  of a Letter of Credit by Party B to Party A
                           at the address specified in this Annex or delivery of
                           an executed  amendment  to such Letter of Credit,  in
                           form and substance  satisfactory to Party A, by Party
                           B to Party A at the address  specified in this Annex;
                           and

                  (2)      for  purposes of  Paragraph  3(b)  (Return  Amounts),
                           return  of a Letter  of Credit by Party A to Party B,
                           at the address  specified in this Annex,  or delivery
                           of an executed amendment to such Letter of Credit, at
                           the address specified in this Annex.

(j)      DEMANDS AND NOTICES. All demands, specifications and notices under this
         Annex will be made pursuant to the Notices  Section of this  Agreement,
         unless otherwise specified here:

         Party A:          Deutsche Bank AG
                           60 Wall Street
                           New York, NY  10005
                           Attention:  Collateral Management and Valuations

         Party B:          Chesapeake Exploration Limited Partnership
                           6100 N. Western Avenue
                           Oklahoma City, OK  73118
                           Attention:  Cash Manager

(k)      ADDRESSES FOR TRANSFERS OF CASH:

         Party A:          Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch
                           New York, NY
                           ABA:             026003780
                           Account No.:     To be advised
                           Reference:       To be advised

         Party B:          Bank of Oklahoma, N.A.
                           Oklahoma City, OK
                           ABA:             103900036
                           Account No.:     814109493

                                       13
<PAGE>
(l)      OTHER PROVISIONS.

         (i)      LIMIT ON SECURED PARTY'S LIABILITY. The Secured Party will not
                  be liable  for any  losses or  damages  that the  Pledgor  may
                  suffer  as a result of any  failure  by the  Secured  Party to
                  perform,  or  any  delay  by  it in  performing,  any  of  its
                  obligations  under this Annex if the failure or delay  results
                  from  circumstances  beyond  the  reasonable  control  of  the
                  Secured Party or its Custodian,  such as  interruption or loss
                  of  computer or  communication  services,  labor  disturbance,
                  natural disaster or local or national emergency.

         (ii)     FURTHER  ASSURANCES.  If the Pledgor  fails (a) to execute and
                  deliver  to  the  Secured  Party  such  financing  statements,
                  assignments, or other documents or (b) to do such other things
                  relating to the Posted  Collateral  as the  Secured  Party may
                  reasonably  request  in  order to  protect  and  maintain  its
                  security  interest  in the Posted  Collateral  and to protect,
                  preserve,  and realize  upon the Posted  Collateral,  then the
                  Secured  Party is hereby  authorized  by the Pledgor  (but not
                  required) to complete and execute such  financing  statements,
                  assignments,  and other  documents as the Secured  Party deems
                  appropriate for such purposes. The Pledgor hereby appoints the
                  Secured  Party,  during  the  term of this  Agreement,  as the
                  Pledgor's agent and  attorney-in-fact  to complete and execute
                  such financing statements, assignments and other documents and
                  to perform  all other acts  which the  Secured  Party may deem
                  appropriate  to protect and maintain its security  interest in
                  the Posted  Collateral and to protect,  preserve,  and realize
                  upon the  Posted  Collateral.  The  power-of-attorney  granted
                  herein to the Secured Party is coupled with an interest and is
                  irrevocable during the term of this Agreement.

         (iii)    AGREEMENT AS TO SINGLE SECURED PARTY AND PLEDGOR.  Party A and
                  Party B agree that,  notwithstanding  anything to the contrary
                  in the recital to this Annex, Paragraph 1(b) or Paragraph 2 or
                  the  definitions in Paragraph 12, (a) the term "SECURED PARTY"
                  as used  in this  Annex  means  only  Party  A,  (b) the  term
                  "PLEDGOR"  as used in this Annex  means only Party B, (c) only
                  Party B makes  the  pledge  and  grant  in  Paragraph  2,  the
                  acknowledgment in the final sentence of Paragraph 8(a) and the
                  representations  in  Paragraph  9,  (d)  only  Party B will be
                  required  to  make   Transfers  of  Eligible   Credit  Support
                  hereunder (it being  understood  that Party A will be required
                  to make Transfers of Posted Credit Support at the times and to
                  the extent required hereunder) and (e) Paragraph 7 shall apply
                  to Party B only and shall not apply to Party A.

         (iv)     MODIFICATIONS TO THIS ANNEX. The following amendments are made
                  to this Annex:

                  (A) References  throughout  this Annex to "Swap  Transactions"
                      are deleted.

                  (B)      The  definition of "Exposure" in Paragraph 12 of this
                           Annex is hereby deleted.

                  (C)      SET-OFF.  For purposes of  Paragraphs 2 and 8 of this
                           Annex, the reference to "Set-off" shall mean that the
                           party  shall  have the right to  set-off  any  amount
                           payable  by the  Pledgor  to the  Secured  Party with
                           respect  to  any  Obligation   (whether   matured  or
                           unmatured, whether or not contingent and irrespective
                           of the currency,  place of payment or booking  office
                           of the sum or  obligation),  PROVIDED  that no Posted
                           Credit  Support  may be set off  against  Obligations
                           owing to Party A under the Credit Agreement.

         (v)      ADDITIONAL EXPENSES.  Notwithstanding  Paragraph 10, the costs
                  and  expenses  (including  but not  limited to the  reasonable
                  costs,  expenses and external  attorney's  fees of Party A) of
                  establishing,  renewing,  substituting,  canceling, increasing
                  and reducing the amount of one or more Letters of Credit shall
                  be borne by Party B.

         (vi)     LETTER  OF  CREDIT  PROVISIONS.  Each  posting  of a Letter of
                  Credit by Party B hereunder  shall be subject to the terms and
                  conditions set forth in Part 6, including clause (t) thereof.


                            [signature page follows]

                                    14
<PAGE>





DEUTSCHE BANK AG                                 CHESAPEAKE EXPLORATION LIMITED
                                                 PARTNERSHIP

                                                 By: Chesapeake Operating, Inc.,
By:  /s/ GREGORY COLLETT                              its general partner
     -----------------------------
Name:  Gregory Collett
Title: Vice President and
       Counsel
                                                 By:  /s/ MARTHA A. BURGER
                                                     --------------------------
                                                 Name:  Martha A. Burger
                                                 Title: Treasurer

By:  /s/ CARLO CARLTON
     -----------------------------
Name:  Carlo Carlton
Title: Vice President and
       Counsel

                                       15

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
